0	adjudicated	3	Up until reading Hunger Games, this was my all-time favorite book. It is still a completely different genre, being entirely fantasy in every way. The author writes so beautifully I could close my eyes and picture everything she described, and the way the tale wove through all three books was perfect. I have read this book over and over again, never tiring of it.
1	adjudicated	3	I read this book before watching the movie (thank goodness, the movie was awful), and I enjoyed it immensely. The science and suspense were woven together in an exotic place to form a book that I look forward to reading again someday. I read it a long time ago, and though I can't remember details from it, I do recall being completely absorbed in it and left with some creepy imagery. I'm curious to see if it will be the same the second time around.
2	adjudicated	3	In a way I never expected it, this topped the first book. My eyes are so sore of crying now and my heart feels like it has been ripped from my chest. Lucien being my favorite in the first book has been replaced by Arziel and Cassian although I do have a lot of love for Rhys too. I just love my Illyrian boys. Although I am physically sore from reading this book, I haven't read such an awesome story in years. Definitely recommend this book to any and every YA reader
3	adjudicated	4	This is an excellent story. It picks up the Outlander epic and turns it into legend. To brave the stones and fate to rekindle a love separated by centuries, Claire proves her valor and regains her heart. Not to be missed.
4	adjudicated	4	Like Ismae, the protagonist of Grave Mercy, Sybella is a great character to build a story around. Her tragic back story, her mission, her various interpersonal relationships (familial, professional, platonic and romantic), all compelling stuff. This undeniably fascinating character is stranded in a pretty thin and slowly paced plot however. Plot-wise there just isn't a lot of meat to this story. This volume is definitely still worth reading but it is a step down in quality from Grave Mercy for that reason.
5	adjudicated	4	Awesome as usually the case with this author. What I loved most about this book was how morally complex it was. As terrible as North Carolina's eugenics program was, I can see how even well intentioned people could have designed and implemented it. Chamberlain eschewed melodrama and avoided painting characters as two-dimensional heroes and villains. She did a great job creating distinctive narrative voices for Ivy and Jane as well. Pretty much impossible to put down once you start.
6	adjudicated	3	Provided you're willing to accept the artificiality of this book's implausible plot and hyper stylized, show-offy prose, this is a really fun read. It's creative and engrossing and anchored by a great protagonist in Blue. Pessl's distinctive writing style also largely worked for me. Her constant stream of references, parenthetical asides, and lengthy, colorful descriptions will definitely not be to everyone's taste but I found this witty and well crafted for the most part.
7	adjudicated	3	I have to say, this is most definitely my least favorite book so far from Kresley Cole. Ethan bordered on unredeemable and for the very first time, I actually believed the heroine could have done better. One of the things I like most about this author is that she dares to make her hero(s) very dark, making their redemption that much more romantic and dramatic, but in this book, I just didn't believe it. The reviews for this book were so high that I fought through to the end, but I feel I must be missing something. What did everyone else read that I didn't?
8	adjudicated	3	Fascinating, frightening, enjoyable, and much better than the movie! One of the greatest things about Clive Barker is that no two books of his read the same, they are all truly original and so different. If not for the advertised fact, I wouldn't know that the same man who wrote The Abarat wrote Mister B. Gone and any of his others. It seems the main thing they have in common is their fantastic consistent quality. I definitely count him among my favorite authors.
9	adjudicated	4	"I love the study series, I really do, but five books in, not only am I questioning how often the characters get captured, but so are they! It's starting to get a bit repetitive in that respect. The Yelena/Valek scenes still get me right in the feels though and I really enjoyed the minor arc where Valek's past catches up to him and the ensuing plot twist that results. This feels very much like a ""second of a trilogy"" book - it's building to something huge and almost epic in the third, setting up some very high expectations. I'm desperately hoping Snyder can pull off what's needed for the scope of the conflict and still resolve everything in a satisfying way. As much as I love the characters and the world in the Study and Glass series, I would love to see Snyder turn her talents to something new after she finishes Dawn Study."
10	adjudicated	4	"I enjoyed this story much more than I anticipated. I'd been avoiding reading it since it came out because I thought the premise sounded a bit hokey, even for Sophie Kinsella. After reading the horrible excuse for a book that ""Wedding Night"" is though, I figured Twenties Girl couldn't possibly be any worse, but was very pleasantly surprised! Lara and Sadie played really well off each other and the relationship they developed felt real. Many times in Kinsella's novels, it feel like the romantic comes off as the the most important aspect in the end, but the relationship between Lara and Sadie really took centre stage, I thought. I really enjoyed Twenties Girl and only wish I'd given it a chance sooner."
11	adjudicated	4	So Sarah Addison Allen took the plot of Practical Magic and threw in a couple reruns of Dallas for good measure. That in itself is no reason to denigrate this book; after all, Chaucer and Shakespeare stole all their plots and what mattered was how they were able to make the stories their own. Unfortunately, Allen is no Chaucer or Shakespeare, and she could have used an editor to help straighten out some of the logical errors she and her characters make throughout the course of the book. (For example, Evanelle is 79 years old, and we're told she was married for 38 years and has been a widow for 30. I guess that means she got married at age 11, huh?) There's nothing odious about this book, but it was sloppy and just not that interesting.
12	adjudicated	4	4.5 stars! Block out some time and get comfortable, because Behind Her Eyes is the kind of thriller that you'll want to read in one sitting- and then maybe read again as you come to terms with the shocking twists and clever stylings of Pinborough's creation. Even veteran suspense fans will be surprised while they shadow slightly depressed single mother Louise as she finds herself drawn into the unsettling marriage dynamics between handsome David and secretive Adele. #WTFthatending indeed! Thank you to Macmillan and St. Martin's Press for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
13	adjudicated	4	In a thriller reminiscent of a Hitchcock classic, a young woman traveling on a small but luxurious cruise ship believes that she has witnessed a murder, but with no proof and all passengers accounted for, her accusation- and her sanity- is called into question. Has someone been murdered, or is Lo losing her mind? This well-crafted novel was slyly engaging- at first I had a hard time connecting with the main character, but before I realized it I was completely on her side and was hoping that seeking justice for a complete stranger would not be her last act.
14	adjudicated	3	I await each new Liane Moriarty book with heightened anticipation- and her latest does not disappoint. Truly Madly Guilty was an engaging story filled with humor, tragedy, angst, envy, secrets, and more. Reading this novel is like being privy to juicy gossip whispered across a white picket fence- irresistible. Spread the word: this is a story that should not be missed! This novel was obtained from the publisher in exchange for an honest review.
15	adjudicated	4	Gothic atmosphere meets tender romance in Amanda Quick's latest Victorian era historical tour de force. When single businesswoman Calista Langley asks crime novelist Trent Hastings for assistance in unmasking a twisted secret admirer that seems to have singled her out for a deadly game of cat and mouse, the two become tangled up in more than just an investigation. As usual, Quick has penned a lovely lark of a tale. Populated by well-rounded characters and enough historical research to add depth to the story, she perfectly balances setting, characters, plot, and relationship development- the end result being a story that will delight her legion of fans, as well as earn her new ones. Thanks to Berkley Publishing Group and NetGalley for providing this advanced read in exchange for an honest review.
16	adjudicated	3	Rating: 3.5 This book had a lot of issues. The romance made no sense at all to me, most of the flashbacks were tedious and unnecessary, and the plot twist at the end was so predictable. Also, the fact that Yael, the seasoned fighter, trusted Luka and Felix so completely was unrealistic. Despite all of that, I really did enjoy the book and I thought it was a lot of fun. The first book to me was a lot better but the sequel is good too.
17	adjudicated	2	I literally did not finish this because it was too intense. I wasn't ready for the level of darkness I reached, and so I gave up. Good stuff, just a little too much for right now. Perhaps I'll try again. I loved the first book!
18	adjudicated	2	This book was dark and thought provoking. It was like an experiment in human nature, written from a child's point of view. It was the perfect length too.
19	adjudicated	2	I'm usually not one to like the reading assignments my English teachers/professors give and instead whine about it for days on end. I'm usually not one to enjoy said reading assignment so much that I actually want to finish it because my curiosity has spiked (usually finish because I have a test/paper over it). I'm usually not one to cry for at least an hour over a reading assignment because an ending as powerful as this one hit so close to home. But Hurston made me do just that and more.
20	adjudicated	2	Full review will come later. Quick one: I absolutely love all the characters. Personal favourites would be Orma. The story has a nice pacing to it - a little too much description of the surrouning with bland narration, so that part's a minus, but still good :) A book I would recommend to my future teenage kid. Or at least when my nephew and niece grows up ^^
21	adjudicated	2	currently on 23 % and taking a little break from it as it is about to send me into a reading slump. I am enjoying the book a lot and it is a easy read but I need to take a break from it because I strongly dislike reading Catelyn, Rob, and Ned's POVs and there is so much of them. This review will be edited once I manage to pick it up again and continue it.
22	adjudicated	2	I remember reading this in my early teens. While I don't remember everything in it I remember it really screwed with my head, in a good way. I was unaware it was part of a series and I'm kind of disappointed to find that out. The first worked well when I thought of it as a stand alone and I fear to read them or go back and reread this with the risk of tainting my fond memories of the first time I read it with my grown-up knowledge of quality books. But knowing there are sequels urges me to go back and revisit the series and I suspect I will revisit this series eventually. I suppose this review must serve as a reminder to myself that I did enjoy this book even if rereading does end up souring those memories.
23	adjudicated	2	"** spoiler alert ** I do like the story but there are still a few niggles for me - first the ones that have been there from the beginning, calling random people ""the mage"". There's so many mages - why not just call them by their name? I think the second part of the book needed a lot more bulking out - people's anger at the end didn't seem justified to what had been described to the reader. Had the sort of detail been gone into then this could have a been a 4+ star book."
24	adjudicated	2	Too many authors think that they have to use the shock value because of JK Rowling and George R R Martin. This book is unnecessary and ruined a quite enjoyable appendix to the Shadowhunter world. Unimpressed.
25	adjudicated	2	I'm giving this book two stars because the potential was so good. The character development is a one star - so poor. I couldn't understand how the characters changed from page to page and felt that a lot of the plot was just shoe-horned in. Really disappointing as the concept was really interesting but it played out as three completely different stories that were not meant to mesh together.
26	adjudicated	2	I think I read a different book to everyone else. I was cringing every other sentence. I really enjoyed the first couple of books and then it just seemed to get away from the author. Perhaps I'm just getting older and more cynical with it. The ending just seemed way too easy. And I can't be bothered to say much else.
27	adjudicated	2	"I'd had this series on my Kindle for ages and as it was the oldest unread ""book"" I started it and was intrigued with the idea of a serial, although technically for me it was an anthology as I had all 6 parts of the first season which I think I'd got for free. I liked it. Yes, it could have been more technical and probably could have had more character development but it was one of a few ""books"" I've read that has gone straight into a story and from action to action without me feeling it was crap or badly edited. I'm genuinely freaked out by what is going on - not just the sci-fi element but some of the characters themselves that prove themselves to be pretty shit members of the human race. At some point I'd like to follow the series to its conclusion - I'm not saying I'm rushing to buy the next series straight away, but it is an option once I've read all the other old books on my Kindle!"
28	adjudicated	2	I have read every Outlander novel multiple times, and this one I read the least. Not because it's not excellent, but because it rips my heart out EVERY SINGLE TIME! Oh, it could all bed the King, or make men cover with a single White Lady glare.
29	adjudicated	4	My second favorite of the epic series. Claire's adventures in in 17th century Scotland are lush and memorable. Yes, there is strife, witch hunts, and sadistic army captains, but there is love, too. Lots of it. Jamie Fraser is the stuff men should be made of.
30	adjudicated	4	I'm a goof about reading my son's school books, I guess. That's why I read this, this, wondrous coming-of-adulthood tale of woe that befalls plain Ed Kennedy. The pace is excellent, and while I had an idea where it was going, I also appreciated the curves in the road. Delightful scenery, that, Mr. Zusak. The end felt a bit abrupt, but by then I was quite taken by the messenger, and I can forgive a hastily tied plot hole if the rest seems seamless.
31	adjudicated	3	"I really enjoyed this one. 16 y/o Janelle is a caretaker to her family due to a bipolar mother and a workaholic father. Her sense of responsibility is never damped, even when she inexplicably survives being killed in the opening. We all hear how an author has to make life hard for the character, and this book is filled with one tough choice after another. Fans of the ""it all works out"" shiny happy ending will not be satisfied, though the resolution is satisfying."
32	adjudicated	2	Another strong entry in the series. These books do a really good job of relaying historical information in a fun, user friendly way and the sisters are distinctive, interesting characters. Stewart has a charming voice as an author.
33	adjudicated	3	I continue to heart this series. Balogh has a knack for writing well developed characters that the audience develops a strong attachment to. She doesn't bother with melodrama, or contrived misunderstandings, or plot propelling stupidity. She trusts that she can captivate her readers by chronicling the lives and loves of fundamentally good people working through their grief, growing as individuals, and falling in love in a mature, thoughtful way.
34	adjudicated	3	Reading this volume of the Matthew Corbett series has really confirmed for me that McCammon seems to be moving this series away from historical mystery and into the realm of straight horror with liberal doses of action. This tone change began in book 3 Mister Slaughter and is continued in this volume. This book feels like an over the top comic book with its cabal of scheming criminals, and is full of crazy over the top personalities and gruesome violence. I still found this book very fun despite its seeming disconnection from our earth reality.
35	adjudicated	3	Another strong installment in the Mistborn series. I thought the plot took a while to get going but once it did it was quite interesting and the characters remain compelling. I loved everything about the villain in this book, a great character with fascinating motivations. I also appreciated all the detail about the difficulties of industrialization in Elendel.
36	adjudicated	3	This book was more modest in its ambitions than any volume of the magisterial first Mistborn trilogy but it was still a rollicking good read. The plot was well constructed, the characterizations were strong, the banter-y dialogue was enjoyable to read. It also did a good job of setting up some great mysteries for subsequent volumes. I am also really excited to find out that volumes two and three are coming out relatively soon so I don't have to wait too long to see the continuation of this story.
37	adjudicated	2	So this was awesome. Great characters, delightfully twisty plot full of court intrigue and scandal and assassinations aplenty, beautiful writing, excellent atmosphere and world building. The romance was even good. A+ all around, so glad I read this.
38	adjudicated	2	Not up to par for Chamberlain. This book isn't glaringly bad but it is mostly bland and forgettable. Of the two point of view characters one is dull and the other is potentially interesting but not given enough time to engage the reader. Mildly entertaining at best.
39	adjudicated	3	"My least favorite book in the series. I feel like book three set up a lot of potentially game changing events and this book didn't really capitalize on them. It felt stale to me. Also I am sick to death of the Jericho Barrons/Mac relationship and Barron's supposed ""mystique."" He is a dull, static and deeply obnoxious character. I have come this far so I will definitely read the final volume in the series but I definitely found this volume a momentum killer."
40	adjudicated	3	A good book but a definite comedown after the first two excellent volumes. This book is beautifully written as were the first two but it is thin and repetitive. Not a lot of plot progression or character development. A pleasant read but I felt no urgency to keep turning the pages. What new material is present here is quite good, there's just not enough of it.
41	adjudicated	2	This book is crazy awesome! Fantastic world building, beautiful writing, great character and relationship development. I just found every aspect of this book compelling. A fascinating start to what promises to be a spectacular series.
42	adjudicated	3	A totally satisfying ending in keeping with the stellar quality of the first two volumes. The new characters/mythology are great, the arcs from the previous books are handled well, the writing continues to be witty and poignant. I am so glad I read this series!
43	adjudicated	3	What a sweet, charming novella. The writing was solid, Zuzana and Mik's narration was clever, the romance left me appropriately swoony. This story did everything it set out to do. The main series is so unrelentingly grim it was nice to see two characters enjoy some happiness here. Now onto the third book.
44	adjudicated	3	A fun trash read. This book is pretty corny and ridiculous: full of stilted dialogue, florid prose, and (to put it mildly) certain implausibilities in both plot and characterization. I admire how boldly crazy it is and I admit I became entranced by this bizarre world. Hardly the height of literary quality but a cool, enjoyable read nonetheless.
45	adjudicated	3	A significant improvement over the Gunslinger. Roland is still kind of a drip of a character but thankfully the new members of the ensemble are vivid and interesting. This story is very satisfying in its own right and sets up the next book nicely.
46	adjudicated	2	Great read. Very well written, with vivid imagery and consistently well crafted and clever prose. The author makes a lot of insightful points about a variety of issues and the characters are well developed.
47	adjudicated	4	I thought parts of this book dragged, especially in the first half, so it could have used some pruning from the editor. I also would have preferred a richer internal monologue from the protagonist, a greater sense of what she was thinking instead of just doing. That being said, I am glad I stuck with this one because it got better as it went along and I liked the author's writing style. Romance is a very secondary consideration of this book: the plot focuses more heavily upon Lilly's familial relationships, her friendships, and the struggles she faces helping to maintain her father's apothecary shop.
48	adjudicated	4	This book was super awesome. It was compulsively readable, it was very hard for me to put it down once I started it. In the hands of a lesser author this book about a dysfunctional family who gathers together to sit shiva after the death of their father might feel old hat but the consistently witty prose and impressive insights into human behavior and relationships elevate it considerably. In addition to the toxic relationship between the four siblings, the protagonist is also contending with the destruction of his marriage. Great read!
49	adjudicated	3	This book was amazing! It was also impossible to put down. Honestly, there is not a ton of plot suspense here (you know where the book is going almost from the outset) but the caliber of the character development and the writing makes this riveting. The characters are so well drawn and fascinating, you love to inhabit their world and since they are so well drawn the carnage when it comes really knocks the wind out of you.
50	adjudicated	3	I would consider myself a Chuck Palahniuk fan and I have read and thoroughly enjoyed most of his other books. This one however was a let down. The satire was shallow and toothless because its objects were such safe targets, character development was poor. There were some potentially interesting ideas but they were underdeveloped and thus seemed silly or uninvolving. This reads more like an extended outline or a rough draft. It is a very fast read, and has a few fun scenes and concepts, but this is below par for the author.
51	adjudicated	2	I really enjoy a good friends to lovers stories and this one was perfect in every way. It was full of wit, fun, and lots of heart. Ivy and Gray suit each other in and out of the bedroom.
52	adjudicated	3	Good first book to this series. Romance layered with suspense. I liked Sam and Nick as well as the secondary characters. The mystery kept me guessing for a long time until the last 15% of the book when it clicked as to who the killer is. It was good but not as strong as I expected. Can't wait to see what else is in store for Sam and Nick's journey in the political and police world.
53	adjudicated	3	After the events of Steelheart, David and the Reckoners are protecting the city and people are starting to live in an Epicless city. But they are still afraid that a new Epic can take the power, so David is set to demonstrate that if people fight back, they can protect what they have. While Prof is away, David spots a High Epic called Mitosis, and it seems he has come to kill the Steeleart slayer. This was a great, short story to reinmerge myself in the Reckoners world. Is fast paced, and fun to read. It was the perfect way to introduce us to the city after Steelheart, and I can't wait to read Firefight!
54	adjudicated	3	I guess I'l see how the story ends, even if the last book took away most of my interest in the characters. It seems the author is going for Mather wich I think is a terrible choice. And she seems to want to reunite Ventrulli's king with Ceridwen, wich basically means that the love message here is this: it doesn't matter if the boy you love is willing to let you marry someone else or marry and have 3 children with other woman. Neither does it matter that fact that he repeteadly decides not to fight for you. Or that he enters your bedroom at night drunk to treat you horribly. Because they will eventualy realize how much they love you!
55	adjudicated	3	I liked this book. The main character is great, which is really important to me. I like how the whole vampire business is handled, and I also like the love part of it (its not crazy weird love, its normal dating and attraction). I also enjoyed the murder mystery, I suspected who the killer was but wasn't so sure. Its well written and enjoyable. I'll definitively read more books in the series.
56	adjudicated	3	After the first three lazy retellings in the Austen Project, Eligible is a breathe of fresh air and so very well done. I'm glad I pressed on and read this one. Sittenfield's retelling is clever in its adaptations but honors their original incarnations of the characters, so they felt like old friends, but at the same time kept you guessing about what they would do next.
57	adjudicated	3	I liked the first novel in The Custard Protocol, but it seemed...more forced, I guess than this one. Perhaps, the characters are better able to stand on their own after the events of Prudence, which isn't a bad thing. In my mind, the characters grew more and were better able to step out of the shadows of their parent's shadows from The Parasol Protectorate series. I give this book Two Parasols Up! Very much enjoyed and I look forward to future installments.
58	adjudicated	3	Okay, see, this is good. This is a ridiculous crack premise which (a) takes itself seriously enough to think through some consequences while at the same time (b) remembering what it is here for, namely having proper young ladies whacking at zombies with swords. I wish it had found some way of dealing more with the raging Orientalism of the first book (which was by a different author, interestingly), but I suppose that's a huge lump of racism to get around. This book avoided the worst of it, thankfully.
59	adjudicated	2	Totally awesome premise -- librarians in an urban war to defend books! the first female Library Defense Force soldier! -- and an execution which makes it boring when it's not irritating. Alas. (Apparently it's based on a series of novels, but those novels aren't translated into English.)
60	adjudicated	4	Although this book doesn't stand up to a re-read quite as well as I'd like -- the actual plot is not very complex and even the first time through serves mostly as a character vehicle, which means that the second time it can get a little frustrating watching people fail to realize things which are by now quite obviously foreshadowed to the returning reader -- the two things that I loved about it so much the first time remain utterly delightful, enough to keep those five stars up there. One: the post-apocalyptic setting is just the way I like it, with the patching-together of old technology to new purpose, the generational gaps between the people who remember and the ones who don't, and the hints of someplace else to go where things are better but also worse. Two: the use of religion as magical realism generates a very weighty background because it can borrow from actual history, and it provides (to me, anyway) an immediate connection with the characters (like the protagonist here) who start with a strong fear of and resistance to it because they are nonbelievers/grounded in nonmagical realism.
61	adjudicated	2	I loved this book as a kid and I love it still as an adult. It's one of those books that's so much a part of my life that it's hard for me to believe that not everyone has read it. Maur still creeps me out, Talat still makes me teary, and Aerin's surka rash as she climbs the tower remains the best thing ever.
62	adjudicated	1	A great addition to an amazing series! This author keeps getting better and better. If you haven't read any the other books in this series, I suggest you run out and buy them. It's wacky, funny, and thrilling. And don't forget the two cutest cats in book history!
63	adjudicated	2	Imagine that your friend invited you to his/her house and when you get there, there is a group of people playing D&D or some kind of RPG and you just want to sit and watch it. This is the vibe of Gardens of the Moon. I think what people actually find complicated in this book is the amount of characters - because there is a lot of them. My way to deal with that was to get the list of characters from Wikipedia and keep close while reading. The way Steven Erikson don't just give you all the information and make you really pay close attention to the dialogue and the events and how the characters reacts to them is truly the art of a D&D Master.
64	adjudicated	2	You know a story is perfectly executed when you have never experienced the kind of life the main character is living, yet you find that you relate to her (or in this case, many of them). Told through various POVs and staying true to its name, this story was ugly, wonderful, and most of all moving.
65	adjudicated	2	This story is adorable. I wish there were half stars bc I would give it a 4.5. I definitely recommend it to anyone who loves Rockstar books. If you're looking for your next book boyfriend- Jake is seriously HOT! I loved the relationship between the main characters. Read it, you'll love it!
66	adjudicated	2	I love unexpected twists in a book, but I hate them nearing the end of the story. I should probably hate this book, yet I love it. It's raw, it shocks you, it makes you smile, and it makes you cry (really). Great book :).
67	adjudicated	4	What I loved most about this book was the voice of the narrator. Clay is a very distinctive character, and his personality was an integral part of the way things unfolded. The other characters, even the relatively minor ones, were richly-drawn as well. Aside from that, this book is chock-full of things that are up my alley-- labyrinthine bookstores and libraries, secret societies, codes and codebreaking, and the internet are all mixed up here together. I especially like the way that books and computers are not set at odds, but instead seen as parts of the same continuum of information technology.
68	adjudicated	3	Read this hot on the heels of The Atrocity Archive. Lovecraft infused Bond romp. Stross' civil servants are superbly duplicitous, the agents murderous, the villain slightly more megalomanic than normal and our hero completely out of his depth. Great fun and clever with it.
69	adjudicated	2	I knew I would love this book as soon as I saw the dedication, which mentioned Jason Bourne and Aaron Cross. As promised, it was the perfect blend of action, suspense, and romance- with female kick-assery making it nearly irresistible. This book was a blast!
70	adjudicated	4	After barely surviving a horrific attack from her ex-boyfriend, Kate Priddy is desperate to escape her past and its violent memories, so when a distant cousin spontaneously suggests a six month apartment swap, she readily agrees to leave gloomy London for a new start in Boston. At first glance, Kate is delighted with her decision- Corbin's apartment is beautiful, the neighborhood seems charming, and she's already met a handsome and sweet man who lives nearby. Before she can get too comfortable, however, Kate learns that a woman was very recently murdered in the room next door and the police are still searching for clues to the grisly crime- with her cousin being one of the prime suspects. Unable to suppress the belief that Audrey's killer might be among the people she's just met, Kate finds herself caught up in the investigation while the killer draws ever closer to his new prey. Swanson skillfully moves his story forward by using different (at times untrustworthy) perspectives; by slowly revealing secrets, obsessions, and other surprises; and by occasionally using an unsettling, jagged timeline- all methods that work together to provide a clever, above average thriller that is a worthy follow up to last year's blockbuster The Kind Worth Killing. Thank you to William Morrow/HarperCollins for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
71	adjudicated	2	So completely adorable! Simple, sweet, & satisfying (Lily is right, alliteration is fun!) From the beginning readers know the path this tale will take, but watching Lily & her pen pal reach their happy ending is a delightful journey nevertheless.
72	adjudicated	3	Psychic powers, dangerous adventures, & true love. Oh my! From the very first page (with its entertaining email exchanges) to the last paragraph (where all loose ends are tied up nicely, complete with a HEA), Krentz/Castle keeps readers fully satisfied. Another fine entry to the Harmony series.
73	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars An inexperienced lawyer stumbles upon the biggest case of his career- he is to represent wealthy entrepreneur George Westinghouse against influential inventor Thomas Edison in a case that will determine who has the ultimate right to control and distribute light to a society that is yearning for the power to turn night into day. Decidedly in over his head, Paul will have to learn on the run, dealing with dirty politics, abuse of financial clout, and underhanded methods the likes of which he'd never encountered before. Paul will interact with the powerhouses of 1880s New York, he'll ally with a beautiful and savvy young opera singer, form a close connection with eccentric genius Nikola Tesla, and he will find himself changed forever as does battle in the streets and the courtrooms of his city. This ARC was obtained at Random House Open House on 7/22/16, in exchange for an honest review.
74	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars In fairy tales, when the lost are found, they get to enjoy the happy ever after that they deserve. For Lily, escaping the monster that held her captive for eight long years should have been the start of the happy ending for her and her six year old daughter. Instead, it is just the beginning of her next painful journey, one where she must battle with the man who kidnapped her, face the family who has fallen apart in her absence, find some balance with the man who had been her first love, and discover her place in this strange new world that used to be her home. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
75	adjudicated	4	Underground Airlines is a mystery, an adventure, a far-reaching governmental expose, a spy novel, a tragedy tale. It is what we might have been if history had gone a little differently, it's even a little bit of what we are even if we don't want to admit it. It's the story of a young black man in modern day America who has been forced to make a deal with the devil: in order to maintain his freedom, he tracks down runaway slaves for the government, and returns them to the portions of America where slavery is still legal and is an accepted evil of our profitable economy. There is something different about Victor's latest mark however, and everything begins to change as he starts to question what his freedom is worth and what his employers are hiding. Winters has created an immensely readable thriller that will give you plenty of food for thought. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
76	adjudicated	4	Kailey is living the perfect life, on the cusp of the perfect marriage to the perfect man, when she has a chance encounter with the one who got away- the love of her life who disappeared without a trace years ago and now crosses her path as a homeless man with no memory of her or what happened to him so long ago. Torn between the new path she has forged for herself and the memories that she could never quite let go of, Kailey decides that she must help Cade before she can truly move on. Jio's latest is a solid tale that touches upon the serious issues of homelessness and the ever changing nature of relationships, and adds a bit of mystery and romance as well. Fans of the author will be satisfied, though newcomers would be better served by picking up one of her stronger works such as Goodnight June or Blackberry Winter. Thanks to Netgalley and Random House Publishing Group/Ballantine Books for allowing me early access to this novel, in exchange for an honest review.
77	adjudicated	4	A recently separated woman seeks solace and purpose in a local book group, while her daughter- half a world away- is dealing with her own life-changing problems that just might be resolved with a little literary assistance. The engaging characters, the juxtaposition of the idyllic small town and the harsh reality of the seedier side of Paris, the weight of memory and regret, the power of human connection and embracing the future, all work together to create an enthralling story that will carry readers away, and have them hoping that these lovely and damaged characters can find their own happy ending. This book was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
78	adjudicated	4	Attorney Catherine Lockhart and her husband private investigator Liam Taggart are quite a team, frequently working together on cases that require their combined skills and determination in order to provide justice and closure for those who seek their help. Apparently they are earning quite a reputation as the ones to hire for unique and challenging cases, because their newest prospective client is a woman with a wild story of a war-torn city, a cherished sisterly bond, and long-ago promise that must be fulfilled. Readers craving a well-crafted mystery with a rich historic background will be pleased to discover Catherine and Liam, and will surely be eager to hunt down the previous two entries in this engaging series. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
79	adjudicated	4	"9th&up When Laurel is invited by her friend to vacation on the ""Cruise to Lose"" ship, she doesn't much care about the celebrities or the rich elites who will be attending, or the chance to sample Solu- the not yet released wonder sweetener that is supposedly guaranteed to cause easy and significant weight loss. She's just looking forward to a relaxing vacation with Viv. When the passengers start reacting strangely to the Solu sweetener, Laurel begins to realize that her dream getaway is about to turn into a nightmare. Although a bit uneven towards the end, this was still a fun thriller/sweet romance/horror novel that had me tearing through the pages. While finding an audience that enjoys romance and gore in equal parts might be a challenge, it worked for me- along with the entertainingly over the top villain, subtle comments about celebrity idols, America's obesity problem, quick fixes, and body acceptance."
80	adjudicated	3	What a sweet, cute, sexy romance! Smiling from the first page at the oh-too-familiar description of a decidedly ordinary woman hopefully waiting for romance and adventure to sweep her off her feet. And, oh my goodness, I was smitten with tall, dark and rough-hewn Ransom right away. This story was a blast, and I'm hopeful that I've found a new romance author to binge on.
81	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars Sparks again does what he does best- his latest novel has a damsel in distress, a knight in slightly tarnished armor, relationship troubles, a stalker, peril aplenty, and more. With appealing main characters, well drawn secondary characters and enough action to keep the pages turning, even though I was not blown away by the story I still enjoyed myself quite a bit.
82	adjudicated	3	7th&up, 3.5 stars A solid fantasy adventure that has a little bit of everything- Chinese folktale elements mixed with romance, suspense and issues of loyalty, class, courage and sacrifice. I enjoyed Fei's tale, even though it didn't stick with me after the story was over. This book was acquired at BEA15 in exchange for an honest review
83	adjudicated	2	I liked it. I would have loved alternating points of view in Divergent... except maybe that would have killed a little of the mystery and intrigue surrounding Four. This was a good glimpse into his side of things, but it feels a little hastily written. Can't wait to read the other shorts about him.
84	adjudicated	2	Meh. That's about how I feel about this one. I'm quite disappointed, actually. I bought the book, so sure in my purchase since it seemed everyone LOVES it, and now I'm stuck with a mediocre story on my shelf. It is written decent enough, but I guess I'm just sick of the unoriginal premises and cliche storylines. Maybe I shouldn't have bought so much into everyone else's opinions.
85	adjudicated	2	There's bits I hate but I'm going to give it a four for beautifully marrying the futuristic with the supernatural. At times it is brilliant, at times purely frustrating but that's 16 year old girls, talking cats, characters from Shakespeare (I'd take him more seriously if he was called Robbie), iron horses and a dark mysterious winter prince can do.
86	adjudicated	3	Prettily written and easy to read, but for a 400+ page book there's not as much there there as you would expect. Sisi is isolated from court and largely disconnected from politics, which means we focus mainly on her feelings about herself and her family, her daily routines, and a few interpersonal relationships. This stuff is fine but a little thin to build a whole book around.
87	adjudicated	3	"Super nifty premise, sharp writing with dark and vivid imagery, a gut punch of an ending, and some moments where I said to myself ""I really wish this was longer."" A lot of creativity packed into a small package here. I'd love to read a full length novel rather than a novella from this author. Glad I read this."
88	adjudicated	2	I love Uncle Stevie so I really gave this the old college try. I tried so hard to like it but a) the plot moves at a brutally sluggish pace and b) the way too large ensemble cast is composed of boring characters that are largely impossible to distinguish from each other.
89	adjudicated	3	A good premise but ultimately dull and lazy execution. I felt like everything about this book was lazy and undercooked. Characters were flat, the plotting was slipshod, the prose unremarkable. Not enough historical information to engage the reader. Even though this is a ridiculously quick read it felt tedious because it was such a thin story.
90	adjudicated	3	Though this is a short work it feels complete and satisfying on its own, not just as a set up to later volumes. Great prose, a charming pair of protagonists, a plausible attraction and development of the romance. Very clever scene involving the exchange of pins that I found just delightful. I decided to check this author out after reading many glowing reviews of her work online and I was impressed.
91	adjudicated	3	Conceptually interesting but the execution was pretty flawed. This was a character study with underdeveloped characters. This book introduced a lot of interesting ideas and then dealt with them in a shallow fashion. As the book continued it became increasingly tedious and anti-climactic. The writing style was overly elliptical. This book kept teasing me with the potential of goodness and then not delivering.
92	adjudicated	3	"This book has some potential but the plot and characters felt very under developed. You never really get into the mind of the killer to understand his motives aside from wanting to ""play the game"" with Grant. I couldn't relate or find myself connecting to the H/h much either. Maybe if the book was longer it could explore the depths of these characters."
93	adjudicated	2	I liked it a lot, but it doesn't really stand alone; it's too much of a setup for what I assume are going to be Rose's later emotional discoveries. I'm very impressed by Rose, though, and would like to follow her further!
94	adjudicated	2	** spoiler alert ** This book had a much more believable ending on the plot than the first book -- nearly no strange coincidences required! And I like the supernatural twists on the steampunkery, like the explanations for why telegraph isn't feasible and dirigible is. The emotional resonances are still a little weird with Our Heroes talking a big line about how much they argue by yelling and sex when in fact they actually argue by avoidance and secret-keeping, and the ending with regards to that is -- well, painful. Also, I suppose it's nice that only one of the evil lesbians was killed off, but I wish that the protagonist's-eye-view of them had been less faux-coy.
95	adjudicated	3	Spoiler free: This was definitely the middle book of a trilogy, which makes it hard for me to evaluate it -- I hate not having the whole story available at once! But I spend a lot of time being irritated by the way the protagonist was so oblivious to the politics and machinations of everyone else. The things that impressed me in the first book were still here and I'm still very eager for the next book, but I think the choice of protagonist for this book was bad: the ignorance didn't create any suspense and the teenaged angst -- while was entirely realistic and (given the choice of protagonist) entirely inevitable -- felt like it wasted a lot of time.
96	adjudicated	1	I'm not quite sure what I expected from this book, but that wasn't it. I'm really impressed in a lot of ways with the protagonist of this book, and I think I'm going to be a while unpacking that into something that's more of a review, but there you go anyway. I'm awfully glad that there's not a long wait for the sequel.
97	adjudicated	1	I like this book! It wasn't the most awesome read in the freaking universe, but it was super enjoyable! If I have had time, I would have read in one sitting! If you are looking for a enjoyable quick fun read, this is your book!
98	adjudicated	1	If I marry Rainbow, will I get half of her brain? How does that work? One of the best stories I've this year & this author is quickly becoming a top favorite of mine.
99	adjudicated	1	This series actually really surprised me. I don't even know how I found this book, but I'm glad I did! I enjoyed it very much.
100	adjudicated	1	LOVED!! I don't know what it is about bikers and their chapters and their craziness, but apparently I love them. This story is as sweet as a biker dude story can be (and as it turns out, bikers can be pretty damn sweet). I really enjoyed it. I made up this word (I THINK) and it's perfect for this book, so I'll debut the word here: SMUT-TASTIC.
101	adjudicated	1	I hadn't read this because I'd heard there was a cliffhanger ending, then I heard there wasn't. I decided to read it and find out for myself, and it doesn't end in a cliff, but oh, it sure does leave you wanting more! I really really enjoyed this book. It has everything that I love. I cannot wait for book 2! I'm pretty sure you'll be adding Marcus to your list of BBFs!
102	adjudicated	1	"If you look up the word ""love story"" in the dictionary, this book should be under the definition for it. It is an absolutely beautiful story about undying love. Amazing. ""Now you and I both know that I'll wait a lifetime for you- remember, Butterfly Weeds never give up..."" ""As for the war, I surrendered."" <3 This is still making me cry."
103	adjudicated	1	If you were to take three of the funniest people you've ever met and stick them together in a room for an hour & just sit back and witness the conversation...it still wouldn't be as funny as this book! Hands down, the most entertaining & funniest book I have EVER read. I totally saw myself in each of these characters. Loved.Loved.Loved. I should probably add, if you have a sensitive bladder, wear depends when you read this. I'm not joking.
104	adjudicated	1	It's hard to find a Gothic novel set in the very recent past that works, but this one fits the bill nicely. I want to go live in Black Rabbit Hall, as long as someone else pays for the repairs!
105	adjudicated	2	I'd heard that this book was a mystery story that transcends the genre, but when I started to read it, I found that hard to believe. Yet slowly, the story of Maisie Dobbs, lady detective and former WWI nurse, began to work on me. There is a depth of emotion and understanding here that one doesn't usually find in a detective novel. I'm anxious to read another Maisie Dobbs story in the near future.
106	adjudicated	2	When I picked up this book, I didn't know much about it or about the author. I think that was for the best, as I didn't see any of the surprises coming. It reminded me of something by Victoria Holt or Mary Stewart. I didn't think they wrote books like that anymore, so it was a nice find. Now I'm eager to read another book by this author. (Note: I received my copy of this book through a Goodreads First Reads giveaway.)
107	adjudicated	2	Goodreads kept recommending this book to me, but I was resistant because it seemed too light. Then, when I finally decided to read it, the (male) librarian who checked it out to me told me how wonderful it was and that I wouldn't be sorry! Normally, when someone at a video store or library says that to me, it's a sure sign I'll hate whatever they're talking about, so that made me even more wary. I'm glad to say that all my worries were for naught, as this was a very delightful book. It certainly was a quick read, but there was just the right amount of emotion in it, as it neither glazed over the surface of things too much nor descended into melodrama. And I've been having dreams about WWII ever since I started reading it!
108	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars My first Ruggle romance, but definitely not my last. This sweet romance with just enough angst and adventure had everything I was looking for in a comforting literary getaway. I very much enjoyed time with Jules and her little family, and Theo and his K9 crew, and I'm looking forward to the next novel in the series.
109	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars I love Charlie & Reyes as a couple, but I hate that Charlie didn't trust in Reyes and that she kept secrets from him. I love the whole Charley Davidson crew, but am kind of taken aback at how many people she keeps letting in on her true nature. I love the mysteries of this series, but I didn't like the confusing otherworldly machinations that keep getting built upon instead of resolved. As much as I absolutely adore the heat, humor, & heart of these stories, I am starting to wish that the end of the world could get wrapped up- even if that means the end of the series.
110	adjudicated	3	Jake and his girlfriend are traveling to a remote farm so that she can meet his parents for the first time. Unfortunately for Jake, during the drive his (unnamed) girlfriend has basically come to the internal conclusion that she needs to end things with him. Unfortunately for her, she would have been much better off if she had come to that realization before the family dinner, before the detour, before things went very, very wrong. This is a wonderfully eerie and surprising little book that will keep you thinking long after the final conclusion. This book was obtained at BEA16 in exchange for an honest review.
111	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars Nick Cutter, the author of the wonderfully creepy The Troop and The Deep, is back again with a new horror story that has an Old West feel. Three guns for hire are recruited for a possible rescue mission- a woman's nephew is being held at a compound called Little Heaven, where Reverend Amos Flesher holds a cult-like power over the community members. The Reverend is a minor threat compared to the ancient evil that our unlikely hero's wind up doing battle with in this disturbing novel that is sure to delight horror fans. Thank you to Gallery Books and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
112	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars, 9th&up A young woman with a traumatic past attempts to break out of her self-imposed shell, which results in her being re-introduced to the boy who saved her life when she was younger. Sparks fly, complications arise, and Mallory begins to suspect that this time it might be her turn to do the rescuing. Teen readers in the mood for some angst with their romance will be well served to pick up Armentrout's latest novel. A sigh-worthy, satisfying read. This book was obtained at BEA16 in exchange for an honest review.
113	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars Another well crafted, enjoyable romantic suspense tale from new-to-me author Cynthia Eden. Looking forward to the last installment in the For Me trilogy.
114	adjudicated	2	The fourth entry in the Mortal Instruments series is actually quite a somber volume. Relationships fracture, there are personal missteps, the debate between nature and nurture torments characters, loyalty tug-of-wars ensue, and more. At times almost harshly realistic, I'm finding this series more layered and interesting than I even expected- and that crazy cliffhanger ending? Phew!
115	adjudicated	2	7th&up Dashner has me fully hooked- from the very first page I eagerly raced along with Thomas and the Gladers as they fought to survive against the Scorch, the Flare infected, and the machinations of WICKED. Woe to anyone who comes between me and the nearest copy of The Death Cure!
116	adjudicated	1	Just ok. Liked the characters but Ash, didn't like the world or the ending. So, not for me.
117	adjudicated	2	I kind liked this book - but I didn't. It was sort of funny sometimes and I really liked how he speak in a past/future tense because of the time travel thing, but the story got a little dragging on the other hand.
118	adjudicated	2	That book is cute or what? It's not the clever book ever writen, but the plot is enganging, it's cute, it's geeky and I like very much indeed. It's more a 4,5 than an actually 5, but since I read in almost one sit, I'm giving a 5!
119	adjudicated	1	Thorin,Fili and Kili feelings! This book is awesome! Is funny and exciting and made me angry sometimes and fell in love also!
120	adjudicated	2	"I adore this book! If it wasn't for one thing, this book would have been perfect. But nothing bothers me most than when a ""sex scene"" is used wrongly, like when are in a life threatening trouble and they decide to fornicate anyway because the sex tension is unbearable. It just makes me mad. But past that, Alexia is a great character -incredible funny and witty and the right ""sex scenes"" make me giggle Obviously the book is so much more than that, a well paranormal intriguing story with an also great plot full of humor."
121	adjudicated	2	This is not a fantasy, it is the fantasy in many ways. This book changed my life, so why am I giving it three stars? It's not the best of the three in my opinion, there are some great heights, The Prancing Pony, Rivendell, Weahertop, but it drags in too many places. There is better to come.
122	adjudicated	1	A book I've owned for over thirty five years and never regretted a day of it. I'd put it at the top of Zelazny's game.
123	adjudicated	1	Read this many years ago, a superb book that changed my attitude to both war and humour (I was only 14!)
124	adjudicated	2	9th&up Topical, beautiful, raw, thoughtful, real, important. Angie Thomas broke my heart and made me so sorry that this book has to exist, but grateful that it does (if that makes sense).
125	adjudicated	4	This book was like many other Michael Crichton books. I love the author and his writing, not because he makes amazing characters or one-of-a-kind storylines, but because his concepts are those that always tend to spark my interest. I think I was holding my breath for much of this book, because the IDEA of being under the water, at the bottom of the ocean is one that I get the chills thinking about. I love this author, regardless of others who criticize his actual writing. I find the scientific elements of his books fascinating, this one being no exception.
126	adjudicated	4	I thought Poison Study was fantastic and up to about half way, this book wasn't that bad but then everything changed - the characters were no longer the characters they were in the first book and had devolved rather than evolved. The premise of the first book was so good but it was almost as if the author couldn't decide what the book was to be about and the result is just a mess. Being a fan of fantasy fiction I'm happy to let a lot of things go but some if this just wasn't believable and then started to be a bit, well, cheesy. A real shame as it could have really worked. I'm going to read the next book as I'm interested to see where it is going.
127	adjudicated	4	This book is a failure. The characters are fatally underdeveloped, which totally saps the drama out of things. Also, some of the writing is frustratingly vague and hard to follow. However, I can't deny that I found it at times an intriguing failure and I appreciated how weird it was. There were individual moments and bits of prose that really struck me. Taken as a whole this didn't work for me, but bits of it were compelling.
128	adjudicated	4	Stylistically, I found this book quite witty and well written. India Black had a clever, biting narrative voice that immediately hooked me in. However, style was all this had going for it. The actual meat of the story was totally underwhelming. I was not intrigued or entertained by the plot at all, and no character outside of India leapt off the page to engage me. Even India's charms as a protagonist wear off because her narration, while fun at times, is one note.
129	adjudicated	4	This book is just pure fun. From page one to the last I was totally riveted by all the political and interpersonal intrigue. Peggy is such a devious anti-hero, I loved reading about her. All the other characters, from the rest of the Shippen family to Benedict Arnold to the servants are great fun to read about as well. The plot is excellently paced and structured and the descriptions are detailed enough to provide great historical color but they never bog the story down. So happy I read this.
130	adjudicated	4	A witty and charming alternative history of the last days of King Edward and his very temporary successor the doomed nine day queen Lady Jane Grey. This is a lightweight, comedic work full of wisecracks and deliberately anachronistic language and references. The plot also includes a fantasy element that re-casts the Catholic vs. Protestant tension of the time as a clash between the magical shape shifting Edians (who take on a variety of animal forms) and the Verities who wish to destroy them. This book is really well written and super fun from beginning to end. I enjoyed it heartily and I think anyone in the mood for some historical fiction brain candy will as well.
131	adjudicated	4	"McCammon is such a colorful, exciting writer that his books are fun to read even when they're half baked, as this one was. This book is much shorter than any other volume of the Matthew Corbett saga and I was a little disappointed by how simplistic the plot was. The opening set up, Matthew travels down south for a relaxing, recuperative assignment as a paid escort to a debutante, is bizarre and has little connection to the main story. The ""mystery"" murder is solved almost immediately after its introduction, setting us up for another chase story a la Mister Slaughter, along the River of Souls. A superficial but entertaining enough page turner. Not as rich as other volumes in the series."
132	adjudicated	4	"A good read but definitely my least favorite Mistborn novel. I have really come to care for these characters (in particular I love Steris with an unholy love) and their relationships to each other and there were definitely some cool concepts/plot twists but I also found the book way too action heavy and the third act ""twist"" involving a certain character's behavior/alliances didn't pack the emotional punch for me I think Sanderson wanted it to. There was so much interesting information about the politics of Elendel in the last volume, I really missed that this time around. I feel like the other Mistborn books all have a lot more going on then what is essentially a quest for magical artifact/heist narrative. I still look forward to how Sanderson is going to wrap up this installment of the Mistborn saga in the next book."
133	adjudicated	4	This book is kind of tricky. It is pleasingly written stylistically and it's an easy read so I cruised along on the momentum of the smooth prose and the potential of what this book could have and should have been for a while before I realized that it is hollow and aimless. This is a book where the extraordinary is deliberately made mundane for some reason and characters are stubbornly underdeveloped. It is as if all the drama has been removed from this story, leaving a bloodless collection of 19th industrial factoids sprinkled amidst a bunch of ciphers enduring an oddly dull series of tragedies. Mildly entertaining for a while but ultimately unsatisfactory.
134	adjudicated	4	A fascinating and well written book about a very interesting time period in New York City's history. Through the investigation of a series of brutal child murders we learn about the formation of the Copper Stars, the city's first police department, tensions between Irish immigrants and nativists, and Democratic machine politics among other things. Stylistically this book seamlessly employs nineteenth century slang and terminology in a way that I thought nicely complemented the historical information and commentary on the economic, social, cultural and political conditions of NYC in 1845. The mystery wraps up very satisfactorily and the characters are engaging.
135	adjudicated	4	I received this book via OwlCrate and I didn't really have any expectations prior to reading it, but I found it to be surprisingly lovely and curious. I had no foreknowledge about the real people or events that took place, but this historical fiction is so well researched and well written, that I found myself researching while reading to learn more. When considering that only one line of the real Ginevra's poetry survived, that one line speaks volumes to the depth of her character, and I think Elliot was able to capture that and bring her to life in a way that was, in my mind, probably quite realistic. The portrayal of Leonardo da Vinci is almost as astounding. Perhaps it is more due to my lack of knowledge of his history and that he is most often portrayed in the latter of his life, bearded and lauded as in inventor and engineer, but the glimpse of his life as a young man was intriguing and tantalizing. This book was truly and unexpected pleasure and may well be one of the most memorable I've read this year.
136	adjudicated	4	After reading just the first few pages of this absorbing fantasy novel, readers will swear that the authors has magical powers of her own. The action, the characters, the mythology, the setting- every element of this tale shimmers off the page. Street smart con artist Nahri will steal you heart just like she eventually enchants Dara, the djinn that she accidentally summons. These reluctant partners must work together to escape foes from Dara's past, discover the full potential of Nahri's talents, and learn their roles in a kingdom fraught with a tangled history and dark betrayals. The next book in the trilogy cannot come soon enough! This ARC was provided by HarperCollins, in exchange for an honest review.
137	adjudicated	4	Everyone knows the basics of the true story of Lizzie Borden and the scandalous murder of her father and stepmother, but Sarah Schmidt delves into that event with a chilling and slippery tale that offers new perspective to the old tale. Readers will be drawn down into the madness of the Borden household, and they'll be left wondering about the full truth of the event until the final pages. Thanks to Atlantic/Ingram for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
138	adjudicated	4	Sadie Blue was determined to make something of herself, despite the harsh nature of her childhood in the little mountain town of Baines Creek. What seemed like true love and a hope for a brighter future tarnished within days, however- now, at 17, she is stuck with an abusive, drunk bastard of a husband, and no way out until she begins to realize that her humble little community might hold the answer to her prayers if she's brave enough to reach out. This story, set in 1970s Appalachia, is a tale of sorrow and triumph, a cathartic read that drags you low from the first sentence in order to ensure that you feel the release when Sadie finally gains her well-earned happiness. Weiss reveals terrible truths in subtle phrases, showing readers a long legacy of misery, hardship and bad choices that Sadie must fight to break free of. If the Creek Don't Rise is full of compelling and engaging characters and an intricately crafted setting that makes the back woods folklore and simple kind of justice feel right at home. Thank you to Sourcebooks for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
139	adjudicated	4	Adebayo has penned a powerful and heartbreaking tale that takes on big issues such as fidelity, political upheaval, belief, cultural norms, tragedy, fear, and family, and makes them personal. She tells the story of two lovers, Yejide and Akin, who begin their marriage with the assurance that unlike many in Nigeria, they can make a family with just the two of them, and hopefully a baby or two. When time passes, and they are not blessed with children, Akin bows to family pressure and takes a second wife, a betrayal that sends Yekide on a devastating path that will affect more than just the relationship between husband and wife. This is a stellar debut. With thanks to Knopf/Random House, this ARC was obtained at BookExpo17 in exchange for an honest review.
140	adjudicated	4	Hearkening back to the sinister feel of old fairy tales and legends, McGuire combines damn fine storytelling with a dark and twisted take on the lands that can only be reached through hidden doorways found by chosen ones under the right (or wrong?) circumstances. Magic and atmosphere just shimmer off the page, while the author sneaks in food for thought about identity, familial bonds, and the essential need for a child to be allowed to choose their own path- in both a literal and allegorical sense. This is the tale of lost siblings Jack and Jill as only Seanan McGuire could envision. Thank you to Macmillan and Tor for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
141	adjudicated	4	When Tea discovers that she is a Bone Witch with powers over death, her old life ends in an instant; she is whisked away from everything familiar so she can learn to control her potentially destructive new skill. Tea trains, makes new friends and adversaries, gets caught up in political machinations, and begins to open herself up to potential love interests. Throughout this tale of new adventures, dangers and experiences, Chupeco also gives the reader plenty of warning of dark times to come- a jaded slightly older Tea also plays a part, and she is bent on bringing chaos and revenge to her enemies. While this novel drags at times as Chupeco builds a solid foundation for her world, and Tea was not always an enjoyable character, this is a book I would recommend to my teen patrons, and for my own part, I plan on keeping an eye out for the sequel. Thank you to Sourcebooks Fire and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
142	adjudicated	4	Devastating, infuriating, and completely engaging, Moore skillfully conveys the true story of the legion of young women who worked with radium at their highly sought after factory jobs during World War I. Although they were unaware of the dangers of this new wonder element, there were others who knew that they were putting money and power over these ladies' lives and carried on anyway. Failed by so many, their bodies disintegrating from the inside out, often ostracized by their communities, they fought literally until their last breath to gain justice through the court systems and protect future workers from deadly or hazardous conditions. Utterly heartbreaking and highly recommended. Special thanks to Sourcebooks for providing this arc in exchange for an honest review.
143	adjudicated	4	Dean Koontz- typically known for his supernatural horror novels- makes a bit of a departure in his newest book, and I think fans will wholeheartedly approve. The Silent Corner is the first in a new series; a techno-thriller that has the action of a Bourne story and the dangerous scientific advancement of a Crichton adventure. Jane Hawk, the protagonist, is a great character- smart and brave, a respected FBI agent, and a widow who is determined to prove that there is more to her husband's death than a simple suicide. When she takes leave from her job to secretly investigate a string of similarly suspicious deaths, she is the only one who sees a connection- but she knows that something evil is in play. Jane's quest for the truth will uncover a frightening conspiracy that will put her and those she loves in grave danger- and readers will be glued to every page. Thank you to Bantam/Random House and Edelweiss for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
144	adjudicated	4	Fantasy powerhouse Neil Gaiman tackles ancient folklore in his latest work, Norse Mythology. Perfectly envisioning Loki's sneaky nature, Thor's single minded strength, and Odin's sage confidence, Gaiman's vibrant writing presents a world full of treachery, triumph, never-ending wars and one-upmanship, populated by wonderfully larger than life characters. Before you realize it, you'll be as enthralled as a child sitting around a campfire, listening to an elder tell mesmerizing tall tales of adventures from the distant past. Thanks to W. W. Norton & Company for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
145	adjudicated	4	Ordinary lives in the hands of a master storyteller are turned into a thing of beauty in Patchett's latest novel Commonwealth. The Cousins and Keating families are irrevocably tied together the moment that Bert Cousins and Beverly Keating first lock eyes and decide to push aside their respective marriage vows to indulge in an affair. From that point forward, the lives of the four adults and six children can be seen in a kaleidoscope pattern; showing different shades of the same complex extended family- a youthful excursion here, a marriage dispute there, next a display of shifting loyalties, followed by the bittersweet memory of a loved one lost too soon. The vignettes are always changing, seemingly prosaic and common, but strangely beautiful. Astonishingly absorbing, this novel will certainly strike familiar notes with any reader, and hopefully encourage them to cherish the messy, painful, and wonderful aspects of their own multi-layered family. This novel was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
146	adjudicated	4	I have always felt that there is something inherently sinister about marionettes: The fixed expressions with their gleaming, shallow eyes; Their jagged, spider-like movements; The hollow, clicking sounds that serve as harbingers of their physical intentions. To me, they have never seemed whimsical or childlike. Donohue capitalizes on that not uncommon reaction with an eerie yet lyrical tale of a woman who seeks escape from danger and drudgery and finds herself in a nightmare world that little by little feels like home, and the earnest husband who yearns to bring her back to his side even if the journey towards that end threatens to cost them both more than they can spare. Allegory, adventure, magic and menace combine in a unique take on an old myth. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
147	adjudicated	3	I give this book a 3.5 out of 5 stars. I really enjoyed it and all the characters in it. Just wished that the main character had a little more backbone. Also, the political angle was over-simplified but I know that politics isn't the main theme of the story, what with it being a light contemporary read and all. Overall, I really liked it and would definitely recommend it.
148	adjudicated	3	While I enjoyed Cruel Beauty more, this story was so meticulously crafted, it was impossible not to admire the great deal of detail and ingenuity that went into creating it. Every word and scene were vital to the plot and came full circle. Nothing was superfluous and the protagonist was very admirable. Great story, Ms Hodge.
149	adjudicated	3	Two gleaming, sad, pristine stories about loss and healing. They're written with a lot of sentiment, which translates into beauty sometimes and corniness at other times. I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Katayama's Socrates in Love, for instance, but I also got the feeling, several times, that Yoshimoto writes like Murakami haters like to think Murakami writes.
150	adjudicated	3	This was a great tale. It was written for children obviously, and it has a fairy tale feeling to it. The whole time reading this I kept thinking about how I can't wait to read it to my kids when they get older. How did I not read this when I was younger? Absolutely delightful!
151	adjudicated	3	I couldn't make it through this. I only started reading it because it was featured in one of my favorite movies from my teen years, Ever After. The main character quoted it and for some stupid reason I was determined to read it. It's really short, but the writing style from the 1500's is MUCH different from ours. And I thought that Jane Austen was a challenging read! So, I gave up about halfway through, and I'm ok with that.
152	adjudicated	3	Nothing unique about this concept, but to me, the medical/biological/scientific suspense novels don't get old. I have been a fan of Michael Crichton, and I like his writing style a lot, so this book was one that I liked. He doesn't create memorable characters, but the concepts themselves are very exciting.
153	adjudicated	3	Deeply engaging, and odd. I hate that I don't understand the book but I'm even more confused to how I can't hate it. In fact, it's odd that I enjoy it despite not being able to understand it. Something mysteriously unfortunate happened to the guy and until the very end, the mystery was not solved, and he remain unfortunate. Odd, but I like it. I think.
154	adjudicated	3	I really liked Emery as a character. I found her to be quite relatable and pleasant to read about. I would have preferred the POV not to shift that often but that is just a personal preference. It was an exciting read leaving me wanting more. Managed to read it in a single sit so that is a sign that it was definitely enjoyable.
155	adjudicated	3	I felt the dual point of view was well-rendered. Male and female protaganist voices felt true and balanced. I enjoyed the pacing, and felt the foreshadowing was adequate without being intrusive. Of course, as a fan of romance fiction I was disappointed by the ending...and thankful that Return to Paradise had been published so I could continue the story!
156	adjudicated	3	I enjoyed this book well enough to read it in one sitting. Willig has a light, witty writing style that really keeps the pages turning but doesn't prevent her from exploring heavier emotional issues (grief, familial dysfunction and abandonment, aristocratic vices of all types, post-WWI trauma) with skill and insight. Consistently intriguing characters and an entertainingly twisty plot. I would highly recommend this.
157	adjudicated	3	This was a quick, easy read that didn't excel in any way but also didn't have glaring problems. The premise, the plot, the characters, the prose were all good enough to justify the time spent reading. I was interested enough to keep turning the pages. This book was pretty simplistic in terms of plotting and characterizations. It also seemed generic and formulaic so while I enjoyed it well enough to read it in two sittings in less than 24 hours, I doubt it will stick in my mind long. All in all this is a pleasant but not particularly memorable way to kill a few hours, nothing more and nothing less.
158	adjudicated	3	I enjoyed reading this book but I don't think it was very good. It is a weird, entertaining but superficial and tonally confused trash read which is not what I expected going in. There are clever ideas and writing here but the world building is pretty half assed and Atwood's focus on madcap sexual misadventure crowds out other potentially interesting things she could have done with her premise and her characters. I wanted a lot more detail about how Consilience/Positron worked internally and in relation to the outside world than I received because Atwood was too busy focusing on adultery and Elvis sex robots.
159	adjudicated	3	I didn't totally buy this book. I thought there were internal inconsistencies in the world building and some of the characters' decisions were not well justified in text. Even with these reservations though this was an entertaining book that's worth reading. Black mashes up a lot of different ways of seeing vampirism and this book has some very vivid imagery that really stays with the reader. It's good enough to justify the time spent reading it though it isn't fully successful in concept or execution.
160	adjudicated	3	This was quite the nifty book. I really enjoyed exploring the world Cheney created. I know less than nothing about Portuguese history so I approached this as the type of book where the author builds her own unique world rather than as a story that has anything to do with real life Portugal, though this does have some of the stylistic trappings of historical fiction that I enjoy. Interesting characters, an ambitious multi-layered mystery, solid prose, a highly enjoyable read for sure. I look forward to reading the next volume.
161	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars. This is a really fun read. It is definitely on the light and fluffy side so if you're expecting serious, heavy historical fiction you'll be disappointed but if you want to enjoy some Napoleonic France era spy hijinks, witty writing, vivid and spirited characters, and romance this book will hit the spot. This book is really quite silly at points but it has a lot of charm. It is like a big dumb puppy in book form. The chapters set in the present day are totally lame and unnecessary but they aren't a huge part of the story so they don't detract too much from the overall reading experience.
162	adjudicated	3	"It took me a little while to acclimate to this book. At first I found the time jumps jarring and the dialogue over stylized. However once I got into the rhythm of the story I thought it was pretty awesome. This is set in a fascinating historical time period (San Francisco 1876) and in addition to the main plot we get great information about a heat wave, a small pox outbreak, race riots, baby farms, corrupt juvenile ""reformatories,"" legal prosecution of cross dressing, etc. The characters are dazzling and complicated and enthralling and the backdrop is great. This book is a bit messy narratively for sure but it is so cool and unique and engrossing I would highly recommend it."
163	adjudicated	3	Cool plot and world building coupled with some really cheeseball writing. I was interested and impressed by many of the things in this book. I liked the premise, the mythology, the pacing, and I found the plot pretty consistently involving. However I also spent some time rolling my eyes at the pedestrian prose, all the stupid asides about clothes, make up and cars, everything having to do with generic yet improbable super jerk Jericho Barrons. A fun read though as long as you set your expectations to guilty pleasure rather than high quality literature. I picked up the second book right away despite the flaws in this one.
164	adjudicated	3	This book was just awesome. Beautiful writing, unique and well developed mythology and world building, interesting and complex characters, moral complexity and nuance, a plausible romance (I usually hate love at first sight story lines, this might be the only book I have ever read that actually pulled one off). I just loved this one. Can't wait to read the second.
165	adjudicated	3	"The five loosely interconnected vignettes gathered here vary so wildly in quality it is hard to rate the book as a whole. This book chronicles four relationships at different stages of their development (from a quick affair to a forty year marriage), and through at least some of them hits on some pretty interesting points about how couples manage the joys and stresses of married life. These relationship narratives are framed by the sorry of Frances Gerety, the advertiser who coined the slogan ""Diamonds are Forever"". Here is how I would rank the sections in terms of quality, from best to worst: Evelyn/1972, James/1987, Frances 1947-88, Kate/2012, Delphine/2003. The best plot lines are really well developed, but the two weakest plots are tedious (Kate) and eye gougingly annoying (Delphine)."
166	adjudicated	3	Fascinating, horrifying, unputdownable. Very educational and insightful. Surprisingly beautifully written given the grim subject matter. What a story and what an accomplished telling of it.
167	adjudicated	3	I found the first half of this book underwhelming: I thought too much time was spent in the present, which was very generic chick lit, and some aspects of the time travel bugged me (how easily the men accepted the presence of a time traveling modern woman and how incurious they were about the future, how neither Eva or Daniel struggle much with time travel logistically and/or philosophically). However I must confess the second half of the book won me over with its charm and sweetness, despite the narrative problems. This books grows on you, and Eva and Daniel have a blessedly warm, non-annoying romance. It is sort of thin and shallow but also genuinely heartwarming so I give it three stars for the emotional engagement I felt with the second half of the narrative and for the beautiful descriptions of Cornwall.
168	adjudicated	3	2.5 stars. A really mixed bag. I really liked the premise and how the plot developed but the characterizations and interpersonal relationships were pretty anemic. My interest in the world itself was piqued, I liked both the war of the gods backstory as well as the current descriptions of Sky and Darr, but I didn't connect to any of the characters or care about them. The dreamy, reflective first person narration (Yeine is recalling this story at some undetermined point in the future) was also something I blew hot and cold on.
169	adjudicated	3	This book is just barely worth reading despite its flaws. Some crazy stuff goes down in this book, and the way that these earth shattering events/activities are recalled with jaded boredom from the 14 year old protagonist is kind of interesting. However, this material needed to be dealt with in a longer novel, with more detail to do full justice to the subject matter. I never got a great sense of why this particular family operated the way it did, and since the story is told in first person narration, critical aspects of the other siblings' psyches remain unexamined. I can tell this book wants to be more than shock value for the sake of it but it is not very successful.
170	adjudicated	3	Like the other Elizabeth Chadwick book I read (A Place Beyond Courage, about William Marshall's father) I found this really beautifully written and pleasingly descriptive. I love how immersed I feel in the time period. However, William Marshall is presented as a fairly two flat two dimensional goody goody character here. I also prefer my novels to contain more internal monologue from their protagonists. This book needed greater analysis of Marshall's inner life, his inner thoughts and feelings.
171	adjudicated	3	I am happy to report this book is just as great as book one. It builds on the first book and sets the stage for the third in a deeply satisfying way while also having a well constructed beginning, middle and end of its own. Character development remains excellent, and the moral and intellectual sophistication of the narrative remains intact. These books are simultaneously mentally and emotionally engaging. The world building is so great I feel totally immersed in the book's universe. I can't wait to read book three!
172	adjudicated	3	Some of the stuff with the painting seems a little slapdash but the rest of this book is so good that it makes up for that minor flaw. Great characters, very tense narrative. I was gripped and horrified by the details of Rosie and Norman's horrendous abusive marriage and really enjoyed the structure of the book: the chapters alternate between Rosie establishing a new life in hiding and Norman pursuing her to kill her. Norman is a great antagonist and the protagonist is very engaging. Good supporting characters and scene setting as well.
173	adjudicated	3	This is an incredibly fast read (I read the whole thing on my morning bus ride and when I was administering midterms) but a really solid one. Great character development, I really understand who these people were and why they behaved the way they did. The relationship between Connor and Ann feels very true to life. A sophisticated and nuanced treatment of abusive relationships.
174	adjudicated	3	Consistently entertaining and engaging though somewhat cliched at points. Character development was pretty strong and the prose was good. However, I can't help but wonder if this book would have been different if it came out after Dave Cullen's myth shattering book about Columbine, because this author seemed very wedded to a causal explanation of school shootings that seems a bit dated. This was pretty predictable. Marred by a really stupid twist at the end.
175	adjudicated	3	"Without getting too heavily into spoilers this book has a contrived final act twist that undermines a lot of great work that comes before it. Also, both this last turn and the first supposed ""secret"" is very obvious to the audience long before the author actually gets around to spelling them out. That being said, if you can deal with coincidence to the point of contrivance in your narratives, this is very well written and interesting."
176	adjudicated	3	While I enjoyed this book on the whole, the parallel structure of the protagonist's life was too neat and tidy. Did every event in Life A have to have a perfect mirror opposite in life B? This on the nose symmetry, which was almost never deviated from, made the narrative at times a little stale and predictable given the possibilities inherent in the premise. I would have appreciated some more boldness and creativity from the author in terms of plotting. Well drawn characters save it though.
177	adjudicated	3	Not nearly as strong as the first two books. Overly long, very repetitive. This is overloaded with dead end subplots and boring retreads of stuff already done better in the first two books. I was fine with how everyone ultimately ended up, but it was such a drag to get there. However, I was pleasantly surprised and very glad that (big spoiler about the ending under the tag)  the protagonist's love interest dies at the end both because I thought that was a bold and novel choice and because he was such an annoying character and their relationship was implausible.
178	adjudicated	3	The world building in this book is unlike anything I've ever read. It had all sorts of elements from historical, paranormal, vampires, steampunk, and fantasy thrown into one along with steamy romance! An inventive and refreshing read. The characters draw you in, and I mean, every character. Each has something to offer in this book, with enough enticement to make you look for more.
179	adjudicated	3	I don't know how she does it, but this is the first series where I've loved every single one of the books. It was a fantastic, amazing, emotional, gut-wrenching, and delectable read. Pamela Clare, I have no words to describe the power of your writing. 5/5 - Recommended to everyone!
180	adjudicated	3	4.5 stars for me. This With Me in Seattle Series is really growing on me and I loved this story about Isaac and Stacy. I loved Isaac's devotion and love to Stacy and how he is trying to spice up their relationship and I might add that he did conquer that task with a lot of passion and steam. This was a sweet story with loads of love, family and surprises. I am so looking forward to the next installment in the with me series.
181	adjudicated	3	Well.....I liked the story and the personality of the characters. I loved how Alice brought everyone together. I also loved the unconventional family that she brought together. My only beef and it is only me because this is just a personal preference is that when I read I like more masculine leads with m/m. Rue and Erik were not my normal leads choice but the story was still sweet and I will read the next one to find out what happens next. I did love the quirkiness of Erik and how he over came so many challenges to finally be free of his own demons so he could find love.
182	adjudicated	3	This books touched me when I was 12. That's 12 years ago. Still expecting my Hogwarts letter though. I just love this new universe, this new reality filled with magic and creatures. I read this books so much times that sometimes I feel I went to that school and met all those people. The end of the school year used to make me as sad as it made Harry, but Hogwarts will always be my and every children's home.
183	adjudicated	3	"The more I read Maas' books, the more I see her as Anne Bishop Lite. I love all of Anne Bishop's work though, so I give four stars for Empire of Storms, which steps up a from the previous installments (all solid three star books - they're good but not I'm not taking them to a deserted island with me) and heightens the drama (in a good way) and character development (although, I don't really think she needs to pair off every character). And those tiny sparkling gems of humor, those little lights in the dark that are masterfully done by Bishop, but until book 5 Maas hasn't been able to execute without it seeming hamfisted and forced. Those little moments really elevated Empire of Storms for me from the first four. Empire of Storms feels like it started to properly grow into itself, like the series is shaking off it's YA label and is ready to sit at the ""Grown-Ups table""."
184	adjudicated	3	I enjoyed reading this, but it didn't feel like a fully modern re-telling. Three stars simply because even a failed Austen adaptation isn't the worst book in the world. Trollope even tries to pokes fun at some of the archaic elements that remain but, to me they fell flat as overall it's a very lazy adaptation. I can see the challenge S&S presents in that the whole story starts because of primogeniture inheritance laws as the times, but they aren't relevant now and Trollope's ham-fisted and nonsensical attempt to force her modern Dashwoods out of Norwood doesn't start off the novel well. I really wish Trollope had put more effort into this and made the modern Dashwood ladies into strong, independent women, but alas...
185	adjudicated	3	There is something about the language used or the voice of the characters that makes me think the setting of this book is more modern/contemporary than it should be. I found that somewhat distracting but still enjoyed the story and the race against time to solve the murders and find an ancient, mythical artifact. I think I'd read another in the series. Although, wouldn't it have been so much cooler if the heroine, who managed to rescue herself from a horrific and traumatic experience seven years prior, had rescued herself at the end of this adventure too ? That would have gotten this book at least one more star.
186	adjudicated	3	I wanted to give this four stars, but honestly it feels too similar in formula and characters to Archer's Ministry of Peculiar Occurrences (MPO) series. I will say that this series feels a bit lighter, less gothic than MPO and the magic that Archer is describing is intriguing, but it's even really discussed/explained until almost the end, and then the ending itself is quite abrupt. Such endings are typical of Archer, but this one even more so since not a single main plot point was resolved. I plan to read the next installment, but have hopes that this series will be able to better distinguish itself from Archer's previous works.
187	adjudicated	3	I'm no stranger to shallow, frivolous fiction, but you need to draw a line somewhere and My Lady Jane is it for me. Go read The Nine Days Queen by Karleen Bradford instead. It's a much better version of Lady Jane's story, likely because it's closer to history. I totally get that this is very much a fantasy that is very lightly inspired by history and heavily inspired by the Princess Bride, but it's lacks the charm of The Princess Bride and instead comes off, to me, as trite, annoyingly derivative and very forced in terms of trying to be humorous.
188	adjudicated	3	"I really liked the ""Ghost War"" story, but the ""Survival of the Fittest"" was kind of bland -- perhaps not unexpected, since Rafael Albuquerque did the ""Ghost War"" art but not the other story's art. It's interesting how much the emphasis here was on women and domesticity. In ""Ghost War"", it's all about how Pearl and her husband choose a married love life over the excitement of being/hunting vampires -- how the I-am-a-tough-loner-who-gives-up-everything-for-my-cause life is not the life that either of them want, in the end -- and I think that having Pearl's husband be the POV character for most of the story helps in keeping it from being Skinner as masculinity versus Pearl as femininity without taking away from Pearl's active choices. In ""Survival of the Fittest"", I'm less impressed with Felicia ending up raising a baby and feeling validated by men's faith in her ."
189	adjudicated	3	"Huh. I like this book a lot better the second time around, and I'm about to start reading the rest of the trilogy for the first time. I'm not sure what I think of the device that gives away what I would have expected as the plot of the trilogy in the first pages -- this is obviously not a spoiler, so: Tobin clearly does successfully take the throne, which ought to be shifting the focus from ""what happens"" to ""how do people feel about the way it happens"", but I still feel like the pacing of the story is very conventional and driven by the tension of whether Tobin can be positioned for the coup.... Brilliantly creepy, though. It will be interesting to see how the question of Tobin's sexuality is handled in the next book!"
190	adjudicated	3	I really ought to read this book again, but I have a very strong memory of flipping back through it after finishing the first time trying to figure out what the heck had just been going on. This book seemed to have several different stories in it, each following on from the previous one without resolving anything whatsoever from it, which just, I have to say, drove me nuts. They were all good and interesting stories, too, and I'd really like to know how they end! Maybe there's resolution in there that I just missed, but I'm not sure I could take the disappointment a second time if there isn't.
191	adjudicated	3	This is not - by far - a bad book. Ernest has his own style and this book is fluid, dynamic and I quite like it. But my rant can't be higher then 2.5 stars because was a quite forgettable reading and didn't impress me. Have some great passages and It was funny sometimes, but I don't think this is my kind of book.
192	adjudicated	3	I was a little worried, because this book starts out like the kind of stock Lifetime movie where a middle-aged woman decides to change her life, but once we start getting the flashbacks to Judith's teenage years in Nebraska, it gets much more interesting. McNeal is a fabulous writer, and his descriptions of both people and nature are very apt. Plus, it's always interesting to read a love story written by a man, especially when the main character is a woman. It made me cry, and that's one of my tests for greatness in this kind of book.
193	adjudicated	3	I loved the atmosphere that Swyler creates in this book. She uses language in a most bewitching way. That was enough to make me forgive most of the things in this book that didn't seem quite right. When a book is magic realism, it's hard to say that it doesn't make sense or seem factually correct, but some of the odd things in this book seemed due to a lack of thorough editing rather than magic. Still, it was an excellent read and well worth my time.
194	adjudicated	3	This is a perfect little book detailing the events of one summer from the perspective of 10-year-old Helen. She reminds me so much of myself at that age: clever, headstrong, and always so sure that she's right about everything. I enjoyed getting to know her and remember what it was like to be a girl just beginning to grow up.
195	adjudicated	3	"This is a deceptively simple book at first glance. Mitchell tells six different stories that, taken individually, are interesting but not profound. Yet somehow when you take them all together, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. His theme is self-interest vs. altruism, and this quote from the last page sums it up best: ""If we believe that humanity may transcend tooth & claw, if we believe divers races & creeds can share this world as peaceably as the orphans share their candlenut tree, if we believe leaders must be just, violence muzzled, power accountable & the riches of the Earth & its Oceans shared equitably, such a world will come to pass."""
196	adjudicated	3	"Pretty good. Funny and thought provoking, it kept a good pace throughout. Looking through some of the other reviews I can see why some people went off it in the second half, but I think they may have lost the point a bit. Don't get me wrong, it changes quite significantly, and is less consciously funny. But in its place is a thoughtful look at what being undead means, particularly to a dorky teenager. There are still laughs but the changes in our ""hero"" cast an interesting light onto some of the earlier funnier moments."
197	adjudicated	3	6th&up In the tradition of dystopian classics like The Giver and The City of Ember, The List is a debut novel that presents a world where words are a privilege, not a right- and Letta (apprentice Wordsmith) uncovers a plan to steal language from all but the elite in the community. Building on the Noah's Ark narrative, Forde weaves her story with threads of censorship, global warming, the power of/need for rebellion, and more. While at times I felt the writing was a bit raw and the storytelling was occasionally choppy, I ultimately very much enjoyed this novel. It is clear that Forde has talent, creativity, and a gift with suspense that will keep older middle schoolers/younger high school readers quite happy. Thank you to Sourcebooks Jabberwocky for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
198	adjudicated	3	As bizarre as this horror/humor/80's love letter novel is, I feel like it was written just for me. Being the exact age of the protagonists, the pop culture references were alarmingly familiar, the horror tropes were right up my alley, and the entirety of the book was just ridiculously fun. While I never had to save my best friend from demonic possession, I can't help but think that might have added some much needed excitement to my slightly sedate teenage-hood. As an aside, the paperback cover of this book is the most insanely perfect piece of artwork I've ever seen! Love it!
199	adjudicated	3	Yearning ghosts, dark history, selfless love, lyrical prose, and a strong sense of spirituality are all present in Jesmyn Ward's latest masterpiece. JoJo, the boy with the pure heart; Richard, the lost one; Leonie the unmoored; Pops, who tries to hold them all together; and others, will steal your heart and linger long in your mind. Sing, Unburied, Sing is a story that should not be missed.
200	adjudicated	3	Silver Harris has a terrible track record with men, but when she crosses paths with Logan Byrne, she begins to think that sexy Irish vampires might be more her style. The lovers each have their own secrets though, and as their romance gets more serious so does the danger that is creeping ever closer... With plenty of heat, a bit of humor, and a mystery to round out the plot, Dating the Undead is a blast to read- paranormal romance lovers, take note! Thank you to Sourcebooks Casablanca for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
201	adjudicated	3	4.5 stars, 7th&up Sierra Santiago's life is changed forever after she realizes that she is part of a long line of gifted artists who can use their talents to battle demons and keep humanity safe from darkness. Older's novel is just wonderful- full of sass, a firm sense of community, and fast paced action. Shadowshaper is more than a simple fantasy adventure, it touches upon some big issues such as gentrification, culture theft, empowerment, pride, and more. Despite the range and density of the themes, the story is never bogged down, but instead is paced perfectly for an entertaining read with plenty of depth. Highly recommended.
202	adjudicated	3	In The Blinds, a sheriff with dark secrets, a toy badge, and no credentials investigates a murder that shouldn't have been possible in a town that is full of suspects with no memory of who they were before they came to town. This terrific set-up leads to an intriguing mystery which gets wilder and more fast-paced with every unexpected development. With thanks to Ecco/HarperCollins, this ARC was obtained at BookExpo17 in exchange for an honest review.
203	adjudicated	3	When a group of strangers are invited to a remote island in order to interview for an elite intelligence position, readers learn that no one can be trusted and nothing is as it seems. Deliciously dark and disturbing, this intriguing story possesses an Agatha Christie style plot written through the voice of George Orwell, with surprises through to the last sentence. Though short in pages, the story will linger long in your mind. Thank you to Penguin for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
204	adjudicated	3	Restaurant owner Violet and single father/barbecue phenom Hogan find their personal and professional lives entwined as they discover that the perfect mate is definitely worth waiting for. Foster is my go to author for sweet sexy romance with just a smidge of suspense- she never lets me down. The main romance, secondary romance, & even a third young love story thread are all balanced perfectly. Fans- especially ones who enjoyed Don't Tempt Me should put this novel on their must read list. Thank you to Harlequin and Netgalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
205	adjudicated	3	Bumbling every-man Tom Barren goes from the 2016 of our futuristic dreams to the 2016 we are all sadly too familiar with, thanks to his typical bad luck and a time-traveling fiasco. While Tom goes on a quest to return to his own timeline, readers are treated to a fast paced story that has something for everyone- science, romance, adventure, suspense, family drama, philosophical quandaries and more. Everything works seamlessly and results in a book that is sure to delight. Thank you to Penguin Group/Dutton and Netgalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
206	adjudicated	3	With only one week left until she must leave her home in Tokyo, Sophia finds that her imminent departure overlaps with the arrival of an old friend turned enemy. Initially livid at this coincidence, she begins to think that Jamie might have changed since she last saw him years earlier. Maybe more has changed than she ever realized... Messy adolescent friendships, arguments, crushes, and the like, fill the pages of this YA novel- but so do moments of personal growth, scenes of accepting reality, changing perceptions, and taking on perspectives other than her own. Through her seven day long goodbye, Sophia learns to be accepting of the past and begins to look forward to the future. This ARC was obtained at BEA16 in the exchange for an honest review.
207	adjudicated	3	I loved Not if I See You First, and had high expectations for A Tragic Kind of Wonderful. It took me a lot longer to connect with Mel, but the way she dealt with her mental illness, her grief over the loss of her brother, questions about sexual orientation, drama with friends, and the ups and downs of first love all seemed realistic and compelling in a way that caused me to be completely on board with the character by the end. Lindstrom proves that he is a YA author that is worthy to be on your radar. Thanks to Little, Brown Books for Young Readers and Netgalley for granting me advanced access to this novel.
208	adjudicated	3	Light and smile-inducing Christmas fun! Curmudgeony crime novelist Lucas and bubbly new business-owner Eva are a delightful odd couple who find love and healing during the holiday season. Guaranteed to lift your spirits during any time of year.
209	adjudicated	3	9th&up A teen who has just moved to a new state finds that the trouble he and his parents left behind is nothing compared to the deadly secrets that he uncovers in the perfect little town of Stepton, Virginia. This is a terrific mystery with a funny, clever, wise-ass protagonist, an inviting narrative style, plenty of thrills, family drama, betrayals, surprising revelations, and romance. Fake ID is a whole lot of fun! Side note- grade level chosen due to fair level of violence, adult language, and mature references- perfect for high school readers who loves thrillers with engaging characters and a fast moving plot.
210	adjudicated	3	Roberts hits all the right notes in her latest romantic suspense, in which Bodine Longbow- head of her family's lucrative ranch and resort- stumbles across the body of the local bartender. She and her new employee (and old crush) Callen Skinner begin to suspect that a killer is making himself at home in their small Montana town, and a mystery from her family's past might hold the key to revealing his identity. Readers will find all the characters engaging and well formed, and the emotional ties- whether familial, friendly, or romantic- are realistic and enviable. Even the setting is three dimensional and seems to entice fans to plan a visit- after the killer is caught and happily ever after is achieved, of course! Special thanks to St. Martin's Press for the providing this in exchange for an honest review.
211	adjudicated	3	8th&up, 3.5 stars A young woman with more than her share of responsibility and strife meets an otherworldly being who saves her life from a human threat while unwillingly exposing her to danger from the depths of hell. The Edge of Everything has enough adventure, romance, and suspense to keep the pages turning- and thanks to a few loose ends, readers will be eagerly awaiting a sequel. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
212	adjudicated	3	9th&up After witnessing her boyfriend's murder, Frankie Devereux fell apart. She went so far off the rails that she was kicked out of her elite high school and sent away from her mother's upper class neighborhood to live with her father in a run-down town on the wrong side of the tracks. When she starts public school with a collection of rough and street wise teens, she finds new friends and a new romance that might be just what she needs to see her through the unresolved trauma of the past- but nothing worthwhile is ever easy, and doing the right thing might cost Frankie the new life she's just beginning to enjoy. With plenty of suspense and angst-ridden teen love, young adult readers will find themselves racing to the end. Thank you to Macmillan Children's Publishing Group, and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
213	adjudicated	3	In this modern retelling of Jack and the Beanstalk, Hatke uses his delightful illustrations and engaging narrative skills to weave a tale that young readers will not be able to resist. Jack's summer promises to be horribly boring- spent helping his singe mother around the house or watching his autistic little sister and keeping her out of trouble. When he trades a favor for some seeds, however, he finds that a whole new world opens up before him- but a world he might not be ready for. Mighty Jack introduces readers to a brave and curious trio who are sure to stumble across more adventures in the future- an eventuality that this reader will definitely welcome! Thank you to First Second Books and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
214	adjudicated	3	Detective Barry Duckworth doesn't know which way to turn. Recently trouble has haunted Promise Falls, and now a mysterious and deadly illness has spread like wildfire all across the little town. When signs begin to point to a deliberate act of terror, Duckworth wonders if someone has decided that the time has come for the people of Promise Falls to pay for past sins. The Twenty-Three opens with a bang and keeps moving fast and furious throughout. Previous visitors to this creepy little town will be more than satisfied with the twists and turns that Barclay serves up. This book was obtained though NetGalley, with thanks to Berkley Publishing Group, in exchange for an honest review.
215	adjudicated	3	A lovely ending to the imaginative trilogy that consists of Journey, Quest, & now Return. As brightly illustrated as ever, no words are needed to convey the adventures of a little girl who wants her father to spend some time with her. When she returns to the colorful, magical world she has journeyed in twice before, he joins her & the two enjoy an unforgettable adventure. The art and story-craft of Aaron Becker is not to be missed. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
216	adjudicated	3	In this raw, modern update on the noir detective genre, Isaiah Quintabe is IQ- an instrument of justice for the common man. Streetwise and badass, IQ can find the smallest detail in a case, and analyze it until the solution works its way free. Part Sherlock Holmes, part Equalizer, IQ provides readers with a mystery that contains the perfect blend of levity and criminal mayhem. Not always on the right side of the law, IQ will surely be on the right side of readers who are looking to add a little spice and a lot of style to their mysteries. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
217	adjudicated	3	Whitehead has crafted a horrifying and moving vision of the plight of a cotton plantation slave whose journey toward freedom takes on an Odyssey-like feel. Cora is a fully realized character that draws readers in as she experiences abuse, love, betrayal, and hope for a new future.
218	adjudicated	3	When Jenny Kramer is brutally raped, her parents are devastated, the police are stymied, and the inhabitants of the quiet little Connecticut town are shocked. In an effort to help, Jenny's doctors offer to give her a new drug that will erase her memories of the attack, and she and her family jump at the chance to make this horror go away. Memories are not so easily suppressed, however, and Jenny finds that living without the full knowledge of that night might be worse than facing the truth. With the help of a local psychiatrist she attempts to recall the rape so she can see that the guilty party is brought to justice- but by the time the truth is completely brought to light, there will be more pain, betrayal, and death than anyone could have imagined. All is Not Forgotten is a seriously disturbing thriller, with twists and turns that will not soon be forgotten. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
219	adjudicated	3	"5th&up The traditional Snow White tale gets a historic ""update"" by a powerhouse artist in the graphic novel field- Matt Phelan. While the setting of this retelling did remind me of another (Snow White in New York by Fiona French), the feel is worlds apart. Presented in a sort of film noir style, Phelan's interpretation is dark, moody, & very fitting. I can't say I was overly impressed by the dialog, but I am a fan of his art & I feel that this fresh take on the classic tale will appeal to discerning middle school readers. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review."
220	adjudicated	3	Singh is diabolical! She starts Noah out with such a dark mark against him, and yet she makes him impossible to resist. Oh, the feels! I was so happy to follow along on Kit & Noah's journey. Their HEA was hard earned and well-deserved- a bumpy, realistic, imperfect road that allowed their relationship to authentically grow and evolve. I am so addicted to this series!
221	adjudicated	3	8th&up, 3.5 stars This bittersweet, suspenseful time travel romance should have plenty of appeal for teen readers. Cassie, the modern heroine, shows a lot of character growth as she changes from self-centered whiner to a confident and determined woman. Lawrence, the dreamy young man from the 1920s, goes through changes as well when he realizes that his world has a dark side that he must fight against if he is to stay true to his dreams and his heart. This book was obtained at BEA15 in exchange for an honest review.
222	adjudicated	2	The Shahrzad in the original Arabian Nights was a force to be reckoned with, truly cunning, manipulative and fearless. This Shahrzad was nowhere as impressive. The writing was beautiful but maybe I'm just not a fan of overly Romantic stories. It just failed to impress me.
223	adjudicated	2	It started out really well, with magic, mystery and intrigue, and the writing is absolutely beautiful, then the insta, all-consuming love kicked in and I... just...couldn't
224	adjudicated	2	It must be exhausting to have that much imagination to be able to write such a long story from so many different perspectives... and then to go on to write several other books equally as long and complicated. I loved it :)
225	adjudicated	2	Since I hate writing reviews, I'm gong to keep this one short and sweet. WHY DID IT HAVE TO END? I want an Angel Moreno of my own. *sniff* (I can dream right?) The only thing that irked me about this book was how petty Sarah and Angel were being when it hit climax.
226	adjudicated	2	For now, I'm just going to say that I wanted to burn this book and then punch a baby in the face in the last 20 or so pages. I don't think I've ever been that ANGRY over a death.
227	adjudicated	2	Despite whatever, I am very affected. I am incredibly sad. I can hear see and witnessed the scenes, and despite it end the way it should, I wish it didn't. I wish there's alternate ending that would let me not see those scenes repeatedly. Oh, and this story is good. The second book was a bit boring, but the whole plot is good.
228	adjudicated	2	I raced through it so I might have skipped some details. I love this better than The Apprentice, that's for sure. The ending was different than what I was hoping but as long as it's interesting, it was worth read.
229	adjudicated	2	Art was pretty, Lori is amazing and so is Carl. I still love Rick but the entire quality went a step back for me. Michonne is horribly written and Carol slitting her wrists over Tyreese makes no sense to me at all. Not my favorite volume so far.
230	adjudicated	2	I love little Carl. Hershel kind of annoyed me in this one, whereas I really like him in the series. Andrea and Dale together is a freak-fest, but hey whatever floats your boat.
231	adjudicated	2	Mwah. Not for me. Did not expect it to be so.. empty? Like it didn't make me feel anything. Not impressed to be honest
232	adjudicated	2	This was such a cute read. It was filled with culture and sci fi which are my favourites. I loved it.
233	adjudicated	2	This book was so sweet and lovely. Filled with culture and shy love. Totally my jam
234	adjudicated	2	Easy to read. Boring. Pretentious. Unrealistic. Left me unmoved and a little annoyed.
235	adjudicated	2	Short but a very nice introduction to the book series. I actually really quite enjoyed it a lot! I thought it was nice that the main character was gay and I like how the rest of the story is set up in this 'foundation'.
236	adjudicated	2	Pretty good until now, I am still at the beginning though. But I like the way it is written and the characters are awesome!
237	adjudicated	2	Feel mean giving this one a 2 as it did make me smile in places (despite wanting to smash my kindle in places) so have rounded it up to 3. It also made my commute whizz by today.
238	adjudicated	2	thought this was the best short story by far - shorter than the others but much better in terms of character development, moving on the story and the messaging behind it all.
239	adjudicated	2	I'll take time to review this more thoroughly later but I must admit I was disappointed. This took ages to get going and then it just felt too easy and rushed.
240	adjudicated	2	I liked the concept behind this I just didn't find it entertaining. I guess the problem for me is that any literary detectives have to come up against Jasper Fforde's Thursday Next stories which are my favourite books of all time. I kept expecting this book to be funny but it wasn't. A good and interesting idea but perhaps brought in too many different magics and for me it didn't really fully explain what the library was and the importance of it.
241	adjudicated	2	"Probably a 2.5. I really didn't get this book. It had so many good reviews so I thought it would blow me away but it didn't. It reminded me too much of the ""A Discovery of Witches"" books. I've got the others in the series so I'll read them too. It wasn't bad, the writing was good, it just didn't engage me and just seemed to similar to other books of the same genre I've read."
242	adjudicated	2	Best book so far. Much better than the previous two, Meghan grows up and grows into the role. I want a happy ending now!
243	adjudicated	2	When I started this book I had no idea I was reading a 5 star. I don't like giving 5 stars for books that only take me a morning to read but this is different. A wonderful story based on a concept that probably isn't too far from the truth, with believable characters. And simply one of the most disturbing chapters I have ever read in my life - in a young adult novel! Fantastic book. Looking forward to reading the sequels.
244	adjudicated	2	I've read this book so many times. Well not this actual book but many more with the exact same storyline and characters. I finished it because I had an hour to kill waiting for a friend at the station and I wanted to know if it would end how I thought it would. It did. Not for me I'm afraid.
245	adjudicated	2	The intrigue here was spectacular. Claire and Jamie struggle to keep their piece of NorthCarolina war free, but internal battle lands in their doorway.
246	adjudicated	2	I enjoyed this, though the beginning dragged. I have the PB and the first nearly two hundred pages was only one day and night. Still, I'd probably find Gabaldon's grocery list interesting enough to read on...so, uh, yeah. The good and bad of series--some books are just better, and this isn't the best. It is good and one can't progress to the next without jumping this hurdle.
247	adjudicated	2	My FAVE of the series. BY FAR! Not only do we watch Jamie and Claire reconnect, we get to see Brianna and Roger fall in love...and out of it..and in again.
248	adjudicated	2	I wish I could say this was the book that would make me die anticipating the next, but it isn't. Right now I'm rather glad I got it cheap. Even for urban fantasy it's plot was implausible, and the love triangle wasn't erotic, it was yucky. I'm of only one mind here---if a fourteen y/o is going to have sex in this series, it better damn well happen with another child--not a full-out man. I think I'll check out Burned when it's on the shelves...of my library.
249	adjudicated	2	Although I loved all the Fuentes brothers stories, this one is probably my favorite. Alex and Brittany are realistic and well-rendered. Love the dual viewpoint. It hits all the right notes.
250	adjudicated	2	I didn't finish this but I am shocked it has such crazy good reviews. What I read was so bad. Cheesy, implausible, and with all the depth and emotional heft of a napkin. I don't get the hype at all.
251	adjudicated	2	"3.5 stars. For the reader who is able to accept a clever yet far fetched premise and historical romance that's pretty light on history this is charming and sweet and funny. I enjoyed it. Good fluff reading. Yay lobsters. I would have enjoyed reading even more ""courtship"" letters because they were great."
252	adjudicated	2	This is the ninth Sanderson book I've sat down to read and the first that I didn't like. I read half of it and just couldn't get into it at all. I found it so dull. After enjoying the first two volumes so much I was shocked by how much this one didn't work for me. I'm just going to google spoilers to see how everything turns out.
253	adjudicated	2	Cool plot, awesome villain, adequate prose and character development, annoying unnecessary and unconvincing romance subplot.
254	adjudicated	2	I loved both books in Bennett's Divine Cities series so I decided to give some of his other work a whirl. I read 150 pages of this book and nothing happened. There was some cool creepy atmosphere in a few scenes but I need some actual character development and plot to keep me turning the pages.
255	adjudicated	2	I read half this book and it was inauthentic, pretentious garbage. It feels like it was written by a hipster alien who has no concept of how people and relationships actually work. I considered finishing it just so I could dismiss it in good conscience and enjoy a few more laughs at Groff's expense but ultimately I decided life's too short and bailed.
256	adjudicated	2	This book had a strong start but despite the darkness of the material, which should have moved me, I found it pretty boring once Grace leaves the asylum. I can't really put my finger on why I was underwhelmed but I was. I think the book felt generic more than anything else after the first act.
257	adjudicated	2	I liked this a lot. It was a great character study that packs a real emotional wallop. The plot is a bit meandering but the quality of the characterizations and the prose is so high and the historical details about English society circa WWI so fascinating that the slack pace of the mystery isn't much of a problem. Definitely check this out!
258	adjudicated	2	"If you pick up this crazily awesome book late at night like I did last night you will be forced to stay up all night just to finish it, as I have. I just could not put this book down. It was unique and creepy and really excelled at creating a frightening atmosphere, while having ambitions beyond just scaring its audience. All the fun of a popcorn read and all the beautiful prose, sensitivity, and depth of a so called ""literary"" novel. I loved it! Drop what you're doing and read this now."
259	adjudicated	2	I loved the first story in this book. I found the second terrible and the third stale and mediocre so I decided to quit there.
260	adjudicated	2	I liked this book well enough to read it in practically one sitting, though I thought it lacked the level of depth and insight that typically characterizes Wolitzer's adult novels. The book also failed to sell the  twist ending about Reeve   adequately. I didn't have a problem with this plot development per se, but rather its execution. A good enough read to justify the time I spent on it but it did leave me wanting more.
261	adjudicated	2	There were many cool bits of writing in this book. However, despite some great scenes/situations I had problems with how the book was paced.
262	adjudicated	2	Loved Coralie's story. It was dark and gross and weird and creative and fascinating. A lot of Eddie's story was a drag though. It connected nicely to Coralie's plotline in the end but it could have used some serious pruning.
263	adjudicated	2	Man did I love this book. Super creative, creepy, emotionally powerful, full of rich characters and awesome plot twists.
264	adjudicated	2	I really liked this book at first but as it went on I found it overwritten and meandering and just exhausting. I made it through 300 pages but I just can't bring myself to finish.
265	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars. This is my favorite book of the three so far. I was very intrigued by the Crippled God and the mythology introduced in this volume. As was the case in book two, the incredibly large ensemble cast has some vivid and interesting characters and many totally generic soldiers.
266	adjudicated	2	There's good, fun, creative fantasy weird and then there's lame, contrived, fantasy weird. I only read 60 pages of this but it seemed to fall into the latter category.
267	adjudicated	2	Nuanced and compelling. I was totally sucked into this story from page one to the end. The character development was top notch and the writing style was perfect.
268	adjudicated	2	I can't believe Margaret Atwood wrote this. The 175 pages of this I read before I made the decision to abandon it were shockingly terrible. The first two books are so good, don't taint them by picking up this volume. Yikes.
269	adjudicated	2	This is one of those books where as you read you're fully cognizant of narrative flaws (the implausibility of many plot points, the predictability of the twist ending, the way the author doesn't do more than skim the surface of her characters' psyches) but you just can't stop reading. A highly entertaining albeit superficial page turner.
270	adjudicated	2	This book rather derivative in parts and it lacks King's usual level of character development but it is still entertaining enough to be worth reading.
271	adjudicated	2	The second half of this book was good. It was entertaining in its own right and set up book three nicely. Too bad I had to slog through hundreds of pages of dull, poorly paced teen angst to get there.
272	adjudicated	2	This is just terrible all around. The plot is stupid, the characters are bland cliches, and the writing itself is colorless and dull.
273	adjudicated	2	2.5 stars. There is a good short story here that has been unfortunately puffed out into novel length. The story/characterizations are very thin. This is the type of mildly entertaining work you read in an afternoon and forget a week later.
274	adjudicated	2	"Great read! I guess I am more used to King's later work however because I actually found myself thinking ""I wish this was a little longer."""
275	adjudicated	2	This book was awesome!! I loved how the author replicated the feeling of doing archival research by using multiple narrators as well as faux historical documents. Each character here was engaging and fully realized. I was completely engrossed in both the 19th and 21st century plot lines. It was hard to put this down. Highly recommended.
276	adjudicated	2	This book is awful. It is incredibly dull, lazy and implausible. It reads like it was banged out over a long weekend. The flat first person narration combined with the third grade reading level of the text totally flattens out all the characters, and the plot is undercooked. I do not recommend this at all, and I wouldn't have even bothered finishing it if it hadn't been written by an author whose has written many books I do like.
277	adjudicated	2	Generic and dull diet Margaret Atwood. This book undermined its interesting premise with anemic and implausible world building, character development, and romance. Super fast read.
278	adjudicated	2	I only read half of this before packing it in, it was dull as dishwater. I probably should have read it as a younger person or not at all. Characters are thin and the plot is dull. There are some short snatches of pretty writing but beyond that it's not worth reading. However, as I said I only read half of it so it might have picked up later.
279	adjudicated	2	4.5 stars. Really good! I can't wait to get into part 6. Fascinating dystopian world and great character development. A few very minor nitpicks about the ending of Wool 5 but other than that, awesome reading experience.
280	adjudicated	2	Read just under half of this and it is dull, dull, dull. I could not give this book my full attention. It was so uninvolving I couldn't do anything but skim. I would read a page three or four times and not digest it because I was so uninterested. There is so much potential in the premise, but the execution is awful. This should be excellent, instead it's a total snooze.
281	adjudicated	2	I have been meaning to read this for years but alas all Changeling offers is the deadly dull execution of a cool premise. I think what is most striking about this book is how incredibly generic every aspect of it feels. There is not one memorable scene or character or plot twist or turn of phrase. I was forgetting this book as I was reading it it was so uninvolving. I guarantee in a month I won't remember a word of this. What a snooze.
282	adjudicated	2	Very dull and derivative of Grisham's other work. The plot is not interesting, the writing is lackluster and somewhat mean spirited, it feels like this was cashing a paycheck and that is it.
283	adjudicated	2	For a short novella, this certainly packs a punch! Looking forward to learning more about Charles and Anna, and their world.
284	adjudicated	2	Great end to this funny, sexy series and the saga of Drew Evans's life. Lots of outrageous moments, laugh out loud lines, and sexy times. As well as some cute scene stealers from Mackenzie and James.
285	adjudicated	2	I just want to take these two adorable people and squeeze them. Love this! This doesn't add to the story plotwise, but if you like/love Zuzana and Mik from the other books, this is highly recommended for a fun and super cute read of how they seized each other.
286	adjudicated	2	I finally got a taste of Cat and Bones, and I liked it! The concept was different and unique. The writing kept me entertained and the story is action-packed. Looking forward to more of them soon!
287	adjudicated	2	Super short yet steamy read. I would've liked to see some more character development. Not sure if I would jump the guy who left me 10 years earlier the way Charlotte did though. I wanted to see him grovel more. :P
288	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars. Though bumped it to 4 just for Reid and his HEA ending. This was a fun, quick read for me. I enjoyed the H/h even though the whole tough MMA fighter turned makeover TLC What Not to Wear was a bit hard for me to buy into. Other than that I enjoyed the writing and those hot sexy scenes.
289	adjudicated	2	This was the perfect end to an adorably, quirky, dark romance. To finally see Ash and Darian be able to let go and experience some moments of pure bliss. There is just something so special about Darian and especially in a union jack onsie. (hysterical) Glitterland is just something you have to experience.
290	adjudicated	2	For this review and more Live Read and Breathe I know some people have said that it was too much sex and not enough story but I have to disagree on that one. Even though there was a LOT of sex I felt like that was part of the story of Bennett and Chloe. Bennett and Chloe were so much alike that created such a hate/love relationship between the two that the only outlet valve was pure hot raw sex. Once that valve was opened they were able to really see each other for what they are and what they mean to each other. I liked the love story part of it and I especially liked the very raw, unhibitied sex scenes between the two.
291	adjudicated	2	I liked this book but it took a long time to get to the meat of the story. The Characters were good. Mourning a loss of a loved one is always hard and finding someone new to love can cause more issues. The end was good and I would read the next book in the series.
292	adjudicated	2	Heartbreaking story of love and loss. This was a real tear jerker and makes my heart ache. Loved it though.
293	adjudicated	2	A short storie included in The Demigod Files. Persephone has summoned Percy, Thalia and Nico (one son/daughter of the big 3) to find the sword of Hades before its too late. The sword is too powerful and it can free and titan and doom the greek gods for good. They have little time before the thief escapes the underworld, so they must use their strenghts to find him before its too late. Its a cute story, and a perfect book for kids.
294	adjudicated	2	I liked this book. Its a recopilations of 3 short stories told by Percy's pov. The first one is about him helping Clarise with a task form her father (greek God Ares), the second one is about him fighting against some gigant ants to save his friend (with the help of Annabeth) in the middle of a camp battle, and the third one is about finding the sword of Hades before the thief can leave the underworld. It also has some interviews to the characters, some puzzles and other fun things. It's ideal for kids.
295	adjudicated	2	This is a good YA series in my opinion. It has its faults, but I really enjoyed it (specially the other books in the saga) and I liked the characters. They can be annoying at sometimes, and there where definitively times when I tough about burning the book, but after reading the first 3 books (in which you have some sort of story closure, even if they re-pick it later) I was left with a nice feeling about the saga. Definitively worth a try. If you find its not for you, that's ok too.
296	adjudicated	2	"I just love these books. To quote Joel: ""This is an excellent wrap-up to Lisbeth's story and the trilogy, leaving exactly one thread hanging, and a small one at that, which is remarkable considerng it's number three in a planned run of 10. It leaves Mikael and Lisbeth in a great place, and pays off pretty much everything that was established over the previous two books. That it does so with a histrionic courtroom scene, all the better. """
297	adjudicated	2	Ok, So I know this book is about nothing but a silly, senseless love story, but I still enjoyed it. Its not well written and has MANY flaws, but I'm a romantic and like some parts of the book. Specially the end, when there is finally some action (even if is way too far-fetched). However, I get that this isn't one of the best books of all times, not even of the month, but I think its enjoyable and anyteen would fall in love with the book, even if it doesn't make any sense.
298	adjudicated	2	This time, there is another murder and Hannah has to investigate to help clear her friends name. A nice secuel to the first book. I enjoyed reading it, because I love the town and the characters. The main plot about the murder was nice, and I love when Hannah gets way more clues and info than the cops. Its cute and fun, but just that.
299	adjudicated	2	That feeling you get when you realize even though you may be halfway through this truly stunning, fanfuckingtastic book, you just don't have time to sit down and truly savor it because your list of time-sensitive ARCs/review copies has gotten out of hand. I will come back for you, love. I will come back and read you cover to cover.
300	adjudicated	2	Characters read a bit flat, but I was completely fascinated by the time-travel alt-history/steampunk world that Ciotta has created and I'm looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
301	adjudicated	2	Reasonably funny, but not as ambitious as the first one; it suffers by comparison. I'm definitely still interested in more in this world, though.
302	adjudicated	2	I was unimpressed with the substitution of several seemingly unrelated stories strung together for the novel I was expecting. Yes, they all tied back together in the end, very clever. Disappointing, because normally I really enjoy that sort of clever. Plus, I was all excited when the first of the stories started up and it was back in the crimelord days. Perhaps what I should really do is go back and re-read Taltos and Yendi.
303	adjudicated	2	Pleasing and clever, especially with the use of the first-person to hide information, but probably not something I would have picked up on its own merits; what's been recommended to me is the series as a whole.
304	adjudicated	2	...Well, that was far more quasi-incestuous sex magic than I expected to meet this side of fanfiction. I really liked this book. I'd hit a bad run and started to forget that the urban fantasy equivalent of the B movie can actually be good, but this is definitely a good book. It's cheerful and sexual and funny and well-built, and it definitely improved my week.
305	adjudicated	2	This is the sort of fascinating and unsettling book that draws me in and keeps me up reading and ultimately makes me wonder: Am I jaded by too many exploding giant robots? Because I don't, at the end of this book, feel like anything has happened at all -- not even to me.
306	adjudicated	2	The thing about the Nightside books is that each story has an interesting mystery plot and the series as a whole has an awesome fantasy arc, but far too much of every book is spent on infodumping, in loving detail, all of the fun that the author had worldbuilding. I found I was too jaded to get interested in new settings or characters after the first few books because so few of them are ever seen again, and even the ones that do recur often have only bit parts in later stories.
307	adjudicated	2	I think I was supposed to find Vonnegut's post modern streaming of consciousness fascinating or interesting - I did not. I think this book was supposed to be somewhat funny - It is not. So it goes.
308	adjudicated	2	This book is a lovely mash up vibe of H.P. Lovecraft cosmic horror and a 50's sci-fi movie. Really enjoy it and I'm really looking forward to read the other books in the trilogy!
309	adjudicated	2	I liked this book and I'm really looking forward to the rest of the series! If you don't mind a bit of sociopathy in your fantasy, this is your book!
310	adjudicated	2	I don't know what was about this book that made me like it so much. It isn't the best of Stephen King, it didn't impress me AT ALL, but after I finished, I keep missing Dev so much! I was unhappy for a while for wasn't be able to know about him anymore and sighing everytime I thought about him. I don't think this book is amazing, brilliant or anything like that, but the way it make me feel about Devin - even so long after I finished the book - deserve a five star rating.
311	adjudicated	2	I LOVED Jurassic Park. But it's not getting 5 stars for me because of REASONS. If you like science and if you like dinossaurs, this is your book! I think Crichton bring in to it the best of both to make an amazing tale of how humans can be stupid and yet you do not care because of how mesmerized you are by all this scientific greatness (yet, this not being real.) It is slower than the movie - regarding the action, but still manage to put you on the edge of your sit in some moments. It's very witty, very funny, very thrilling and I found it to be very smart (especially Malcolm, and not the math moments).
312	adjudicated	2	"I read the entire Maiden Lane series back to back so I can't tell the books apart right now, but I'm giving the series as a whole a 5 because obviously Hoyt made me her bitch and I'm okay with that. I also want to say that when I started the first book I was so glad they were on my kindle because I was extremely embarrassed that I was reading an ""old lady book"". Well, by the time I got to the fourth book I didn't care who saw me reading a book with Fabio on the cover (I'm pretty sure it didn't have him on the cover) because I was *that* immersed in this world. I shall never call Regency Romance ""old lady books"" again. Okay, I'm lying. I probably will, but that's okay because 1- I'm not that young and 2- I obviously enjoy them."
313	adjudicated	2	I finished reading this at 2am. Two words: CLETUS. WINSTON. I'll be back with my favorite highlights, but as usual Penny delivers a witty, smart, lovely story that I'll be smiling about for days and definitely re-reading in the future.
314	adjudicated	2	Suspenseful, gripping, and absolutely stunning read.
315	adjudicated	2	Lincoln = <3 I love the way this story is told. I love every single character in it. I love the humor, the writing, the pop culture references, the struggles everybody is going through individually. Just. Awesome.
316	adjudicated	2	The first book was erotic, this one was off the charts and the secondary elements of the story really took off in this book and made me feel. I really, really liked the conclusion.
317	adjudicated	2	I enjoyed it and am looking forward to the second book! While I liked the characters and I know secrets must stay somewhat hidden bc of whatever underlining plot there is, it turned me off that there wasn't really enough for the reader to go on and even try to figure out what Jax' big issue is. Maybe it was me. Either way I enjoyed it.
318	adjudicated	2	I loved the writing, the story, the characters. I didn't read If You Stay before this one, but will be reading it soon because I am intrigued about Pax and Mila now (even though I know what happens in their future...I'm okay with spoilers, though). Overall, I enjoyed this one a lot!
319	adjudicated	2	This is difficult for me to rate. On one hand I loved it, on another I didn't. Regardless, it made me think. It made me thankful for my life. It made me open my eyes a little wider. For that, I rate it a 4.
320	adjudicated	2	LOVED this story! I cannot wait for book two. I guessed the twist, I hate when I do that, but I loved it so much anyway. Cash and Nash are definitely book boyfriend material. I also loved Olivia, a female character who was not dumb but not pushy-she was perfect.
321	adjudicated	2	I really enjoyed this book. I loved that the main character, Haley, is not a super skinny model type. She's chubby, she's shy but has spunk. Very relatable. Anyway, it's a very cute and steamy love story.
322	adjudicated	2	I won this book in a Goodreads giveaway, and I found it to be a good example of its genre. It isn't terribly deep, but it's well-written. I learned a lot about the fishermen who live outside of Venice and about the Republic of Salo. All told, it was a nice read.
323	adjudicated	2	I checked this book out of the library for my eight-year-old stepson to read, but I quickly realized it was much too advanced for him, so I decided to read it myself. I really enjoyed it. Now I can't wait to find out what happens in the sequel.
324	adjudicated	2	I liked this book in many ways, but I must admit I'm also a little confused by it. I'm not exactly sure what happened, how it happened, or why it had to happen that way. My favorite sections were with Mary in the land of the mulefa. I'd love to read a whole book about them!
325	adjudicated	2	It's hard for me to rate this book, because it's very clear when you come to the end that the second volume will be a continuation of the same story. Still, I will say that Valente is very clever (and sometimes maddening) in the way she has entwined all these stories together. I can't wait to start the second volume, but at the same time, I'm a little leery of going into the lion's den again!
326	adjudicated	2	There are so many glowing reviews of this book here that I feel a little ashamed to admit that I thought it was just ok. I wonder if that has something to do with the age at which I read it. Perhaps if I'd first encountered it as a child, I'd feel the same way I do about Alice in Wonderland or The Wizard of Oz. And maybe if I'd waited until adulthood to read those books, I wouldn't think much of them either. All I know is that I found this story to be a pleasant trifle and nothing more.
327	adjudicated	2	I've read all of the Laundry books more than once and I'm going to have to do so again with this one, but this time to see if I can up my score. It's a good Laundry story but it felt too long overall while still rushed in parts. There was a couple of big gaps in my reading of this (damn you work!) which might have influenced my experience. I actually came away from this sympathising with almost everyone but Mo, I'm not sure that was the intent.
328	adjudicated	2	A near future tale of a world where disease is defeated. Told from the point of view of the cure. In so many ways this is a brilliant book, grim, but brilliant.
329	adjudicated	2	What can I say, a guilty pleasure. I read these after watching the third or fourth TV series and they are not disappointing. The writing style is light and not without humour, much more so than in the series. Fluff, but enjoyable fluff.
330	adjudicated	2	Certainly not a happy book, the bleakness is reminiscent of China Mieville in places, but the setting is fascinating and the plot and characters intriguing.
331	adjudicated	2	This is one of the funniest books I had read by two of the funniest authors I have ever read. A superb collaboration.
332	adjudicated	2	It's an elegant book by almost any definition. The prose is immaculate: easy to read, tight and effective. Like a good piece of jazz the effortlessness belies the amount of work required for the effect.
333	adjudicated	2	Very good debut novel. Sharp plotting, good characterisation and great world building without being intrusive.
334	adjudicated	2	While The Late Show was occasionally bogged down by too many technical details concerning police procedures, and there were waaaaaaay more acronyms than I would have liked, Ballard is a kick ass, rebellious, and intriguing character that I loved rooting for. Michael Connelly has created another flawed but irresistible protagonist- more Ballard, please! This ARC was obtained at BookExpo'17, with thanks to Little, Brown and Company/Hachette Book Group, in exchange for an honest review.
335	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars In this rather odd, but decidedly charming novel, a lonely and work-obsessed woman inherits a remarkable sourdough starter and embraces a new hobby which leads to many personal and professional surprises. This ARC was obtained at BookExpo17- with thanks to Macmillan- in exchange for an honest review.
336	adjudicated	2	Between Kate Warne's fascinating real life story as the first female Pinkerton detective and Macallister's gift with weaving a compelling tale, The Girl in Disguise is an exciting historical novel that should not be missed. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
337	adjudicated	2	4th&up Sob! Dead Poet's Society meets Ferris Bueller's Day Off for the middle school set. Wonderful characters, a moving story line, and amusing antics, combine to create a modern classic for preteens. Highly recommended.
338	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars: *bump this up to a 4 if you haven't read Station Eleven, or if you're a huge fan of Survivor type reality television. This is the tale of a survival-style TV contestant who unknowingly gets caught up in the aftermath of a near-species ending plague and finds that she's fighting for more than prize money. The Last One has flaws, but is also very engaging. I'll definitely seek Oliva out in the future.
339	adjudicated	2	A great example of a New Adult romance romance novel- filled with real and emotional story lines, tough situations, wonderful relationship, and new experiences.
340	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars I didn't realize at first that this is an extension of the Dark Protector series, which I did not complete. While most readers would not find this to be a stumbling block, that sort of thing drives me crazy- I always feel haunted by what I'm missing. Aside from that, the story was HOT and fast-paced, with intriguing characters that I enjoyed spending time with. I did feel that at times the hero was (dare I say...) a bit too Neanderthal. Still, a solid start to Zanetti's new series.
341	adjudicated	2	9th&up, 3.5 stars (needed more Raffe) *Do not pick this novel up unless you've read Angelfall. World Afterdoes have a recap in the beginning, but if you haven't read book 1, it'll just sound absolutely insane. While I definitely felt the lack of Raffe through most of the book, the last third was enough to bring this 3 stars up to a 3.5. I'm absolutely on board for the closer volume.
342	adjudicated	2	9th&up The Scooby gang is back and better than ever as they strive to save their world from the evil machinations of their nemesis, Sebastian Morgenstern. Loose ends are neatly tied up (with the exceptions of the threads that lead to the many companion series), and most of our Shadowhunter friends get their happily ever after. What a great way to wrap up the series!
343	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars, 8th&up So...there are new characters and betrayals, deaths and shocking truths, the return of Valentine along with plenty of demons, battles and alliances, but mostly there's Clary and Jace and wanting them to be together and them thinking they're siblings but still not being able to stay away from each other and that being completely squiffy, but not really because you know they can't really be related...and oh, thank goodness! when the truth finally comes out.
344	adjudicated	2	8th&up, 3.5 stars Seemingly typical teens with atypical powers band together to help one of their own when he finds himself in a life-threatening situation. Although in the beginning I struggled a bit to connect and root for the Zeroes, by the end I was fully involved. I look forward to reading more adventures from this motley group of heroes in training. This novel was obtained at BEA15, in exchange for an honest review
345	adjudicated	1	Rating: 4.5 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Can't wait for the sequel.
346	adjudicated	1	Rating: 3.5 stars. It was a fun read.
347	adjudicated	1	This is so so so adorable!
348	adjudicated	1	One of the best stories I've ever read.
349	adjudicated	1	I'm in so much pain.
350	adjudicated	1	So addicting! It took me forever but now I can't wait for the third one!! Then maybe I can watch the tv shows
351	adjudicated	1	Blah. Nothing here to keep me interested. Maybe I will try again another time.
352	adjudicated	1	A great finish to a great series! Definitely a series to have a hard copy of and read over and over again.
353	adjudicated	1	I love Four. I want more!
354	adjudicated	1	It is too late in the night to write it a review. It will be coming soon
355	adjudicated	1	I registered a book at BookCrossing.com! http://www.BookCrossing.com/journal/14158776
356	adjudicated	1	Fun, racy but I'm a bit disappointed.
357	adjudicated	1	** spoiler alert ** Totally love Er Lang. He came in a surprise but that's what so sweet about it.
358	adjudicated	1	I'm both sad and overwhelmed by the truth the tale can be.
359	adjudicated	1	I grieve with Fitz but this is truly one of the best woven ending I've ever read.
360	adjudicated	1	Loved the art style, Rick is much more relatable and little Carl is adorable.
361	adjudicated	1	This was the best book I have read in years and years. Will do a full review this weekend but 10/10 would recommend.
362	adjudicated	1	fuck I am speechless 10/10 would recommend to anyone regardless of slow jude beginnings
363	adjudicated	1	Awesome, yet I do not recognize much of it. Most of it is pretty obvious too, but love the writing style! :D
364	adjudicated	1	One of the best books I've read.
365	adjudicated	1	I don't get it. The characters I think I'm supposed to like I actually hate with fiery passion.
366	adjudicated	1	2.5 - this book was a lot like book 3 but not quite as bad.
367	adjudicated	1	Didn't enjoy this as much as the first two but still very good.
368	adjudicated	1	Got to 32% before I decided I'd rather gouge my own eyes out.
369	adjudicated	1	George R R Martin writes children's stories in comparison to this.
370	adjudicated	1	I read this years ago. No idea why it is coming up as not finished!
371	adjudicated	1	1.5 - it was ok, just not my thing.
372	adjudicated	1	I'm giving this a 4 because of a spoiler. The rest of it is a 3 to 3.5. The Infernal Devices was superior.
373	adjudicated	1	I'm pretty sure that this could have been added onto the last book more succinctly.
374	adjudicated	1	oh my days, I didn't expect that!!!!
375	adjudicated	1	the writing was beautiful but I'm not sure about the story.
376	adjudicated	1	I'm trying to decide how many stars to give this book. Yes, it is poor in laces but in others it is ok and I was drawn into the story and the world. Probably two and a half but I'll have a think.
377	adjudicated	1	Definitely great.
378	adjudicated	1	A fantastic follow-up to Leaving Paradise. Definitely recommend.
379	adjudicated	1	Cold and dull.
380	adjudicated	1	A likable enough book but sluggishly paced
381	adjudicated	1	I won a copy of this book as a Goodreads giveaway which made me really excited but I am morally opposed to reading books that don't use quotation marks for dialogue. It's an unbearably obnoxious stylistic choice. I didn't read enough of this to get any sense of whether it's good or not and I don't plan to.
382	adjudicated	1	This is a very sweet and perceptive coming of age novel. I really enjoyed it and it gave me the warm and fuzzies in a major way.
383	adjudicated	1	Staggeringly pointless. I don't think I have ever read something with less content. There is absolutely nothing here.
384	adjudicated	1	I am happy to say after finding First Shift: Legacy good but a comedown in quality from Wool 1-5 Second Shift: Order is back up to the higher standard set by the first five stories of the Wool Omnibus.
385	adjudicated	1	Light quick read. Full review to be posted near publication date... ARC received from Sourcebooks Casablanca and NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
386	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars I just want to keep reading and reading about these characters and their ever changing world.
387	adjudicated	1	Nev Chamberlain, you are a sexy man... YUM! This was a great, fun and sexy read from beginning to end. Though an epilogue would have been nice to see what else is in Nev and Cath's future.
388	adjudicated	1	Re-read August 2016.
389	adjudicated	1	Re-read August 2016.
390	adjudicated	1	review to come
391	adjudicated	1	review to come
392	adjudicated	1	review to come
393	adjudicated	1	3.5 review to come
394	adjudicated	1	3.5 review to come
395	adjudicated	1	review to come
396	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars Review to come
397	adjudicated	1	review to come
398	adjudicated	1	review to come
399	adjudicated	1	Review to come
400	adjudicated	1	review to come
401	adjudicated	1	Review to come
402	adjudicated	1	review to come
403	adjudicated	1	review to come
404	adjudicated	1	review to come
405	adjudicated	1	DNF will comment later.
406	adjudicated	1	review to come
407	adjudicated	1	Review to come
408	adjudicated	1	3.5 Stars Review to come
409	adjudicated	1	Review to come
410	adjudicated	1	review to come
411	adjudicated	1	Review to come
412	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars review to come
413	adjudicated	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
414	adjudicated	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
415	adjudicated	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here
416	adjudicated	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
417	adjudicated	1	Review to come
418	adjudicated	1	review to come
419	adjudicated	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
420	adjudicated	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
421	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars Review to come May 7/13. But what I can say it was a sweet story and I am glad that I got the chance to read it. :) And Grant is awesome and so book Bf worthy.
422	adjudicated	1	I Loved Flat Out LOve and was ecstatic to see life from Matt's perspective. Loved it and so recommend this heartfelt series.
423	adjudicated	1	4.5 review to come
424	adjudicated	1	review to come
425	adjudicated	1	review to come
426	adjudicated	1	[image error] I am sorry but I felt like this book was all over the place and I was WTF ing the whole way through. I tried to like it but I just couldn't
427	adjudicated	1	I liked it but not as much as the men of honor series. Still was a good story and read though
428	adjudicated	1	Review to come
429	adjudicated	1	review to come
430	adjudicated	1	review to come
431	adjudicated	1	review to come
432	adjudicated	1	This book was dark and disheartening but still profound and deep.
433	adjudicated	1	OMG Fraking Loved it! It brought me to similar emotions to when i read the gamble the first of this series. Everything about this book was great but especially Chace and Faye
434	adjudicated	1	It was dark but good. I liked it but it was not my favorite BDSM type novel
435	adjudicated	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
436	adjudicated	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
437	adjudicated	1	review to come
438	adjudicated	1	review to come
439	adjudicated	1	Surprisingly cute read!
440	adjudicated	1	I Liked it! It was like sexy, steamy big bang theory.
441	adjudicated	1	review to follow
442	adjudicated	1	review to follow
443	adjudicated	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
444	adjudicated	1	Review to come
445	adjudicated	1	Review to come soon
446	adjudicated	1	Wow review to follow soon
447	adjudicated	1	review to come
448	adjudicated	1	review to come
449	adjudicated	1	review to follow soon
450	adjudicated	1	This book was just one giant sucker punch in the feels. I loved every minute of it. Full review later.
451	adjudicated	1	This is happening!
452	adjudicated	1	"3.5 stars. This is definitely one of those books with a mass amount of issues that for some reason just didn't bother me. Kind of like a movie you see in theatre that you leave thinking ""wow, that was so much fun"", but when someone later asks how the actual movie was, you realize it was nothing special. BUT IT WAS SO MUCH FUN! Off the read the next one!"
453	adjudicated	1	Complete fluff of a novella, ridiculously implausible, but also insanely adorable. The perfect way to spend an hour and a half.
454	adjudicated	1	"All could think when I closed this book was ""What an odd book."""
455	adjudicated	1	Five stars simply because of Sue the Tyrannosaurus's cameo.
456	adjudicated	1	Meh. It's an interesting world, but the helplessness of the central female character grated.
457	adjudicated	1	Meh. Didn't finish.
458	adjudicated	1	Stop rushing the ending. Slow down. Slow down! But otherwise, yay!
459	adjudicated	1	Ah, now there's a book that knows how to stick a landing. Classic McKillip, even though it makes a nod at a modern/realism setting.
460	adjudicated	1	I read it online, at Subterranean Magazine, after I saw the Nebula nominees list had a link for it. Like most Ted Chiang stories, I need to think about it for a while to even know where to start pondering!
461	adjudicated	1	So apparently I am Team Zombie after all. I was not expecting that!
462	adjudicated	1	** spoiler alert ** EVEN THE GODDAMNED LIONESS HAD A GODDAMNED RAPE BACKSTORY. WHAT THE FUCK, COMICS INDUSTRY.
463	adjudicated	1	Re-read 8/2008
464	adjudicated	1	This book felt like it was trying very hard to scare me by holding a flashlight under its chin and making spooky ghost noises. I never finished it; perhaps someday I'll give it another chance.
465	adjudicated	1	Huh. I could've sworn that this was already on my shelves and reviewed....
466	adjudicated	1	The art is utterly gorgeous. The story is not.
467	adjudicated	1	THE FEELS!!
468	adjudicated	1	"How I LOVE a bad-shit crazy character! Gone girl deliveres that in lovely ""I will eat your soul"" plot! Love it!"
469	adjudicated	1	Flavia is my spirit animal!
470	adjudicated	1	Sieh and Nahadoth are the loves of my life now, and not only because they are Gods
471	adjudicated	1	This book is so damn good!!
472	adjudicated	1	I need to re-read this! :) I read when I was quite young and despite I like it, I didn't really get it.
473	adjudicated	1	I srsly don't know how to rate this book. All my fellings for Peeta and OMG I want to kill Katniss. It is a intense read and I SRSLY WANT TO KILL HER
474	adjudicated	1	Well, shit. With friends like these . You'll just have to read it for yourself ;).
475	adjudicated	1	Funny, cute, and sexy.
476	adjudicated	1	Available now!!
477	adjudicated	1	If we have to measure based on stars, five doesn't do this book justice. It is hands down, without a doubt, the best book I've read this year.
478	adjudicated	1	"""They rattled my cage to see if I'd bite. When they released me, they'd see that the answer was yes."" Boom, bitches! This book creeped me out in the best ways possible. Also- I'm obsessed with Noah Shaw."
479	adjudicated	1	"""People can come into your life---be a part of your life--yet never know the real you; have no fucking clue who you really are."" Get ready. Blaire is coming!"
480	adjudicated	1	January 22nd.... 17 more days!
481	adjudicated	1	I love how this woman writes! If you're looking for mafia with a hint (much, much more than a hint, really) of erotica... this is perfect. LOVE Antonio.
482	adjudicated	1	Perfect. This series is perfect.
483	adjudicated	1	I am in love with this story and these characters.
484	adjudicated	1	I had to come back and change my rating because I think about this book so often.
485	adjudicated	1	This was very much up my alley. I really enjoyed it :)
486	adjudicated	1	I lost my review for this one, but I will say that I felt everything.
487	adjudicated	1	Incredible!
488	adjudicated	1	This book should come with a warning label. Twisted good.
489	adjudicated	1	Unputdownable. Wow.
490	adjudicated	1	Look, I didn't care to read about Butch and his human-ness (cuz it's a disease, you know? LOL). Anyhow, I am SO glad I didn't skip it because I ended up loving his story as much as the rest of them. Clearly, I am J.R. 's bitch.
491	adjudicated	1	I LOOOVEDDDDDD this one.
492	adjudicated	1	Ah....smutty vamps...I LOVED this. I hadn't read fantasy in a long time, and I'm glad I decided to read this. I'm hooked. Moving on to book 2!
493	adjudicated	1	I'll come back to say something about it.
494	adjudicated	1	HOT.ness. That's all.
495	adjudicated	1	Braden Carmichael...that's all you need to know. Pick up this book, like yesterday! Very hot, but I have a thing for Scottish boys :).
496	adjudicated	1	You must be ready to start book 2 as soon as you finish this one. The ending kills you.
497	adjudicated	1	I found this quite a hard read. It's enjoyable, racing along with the usual flair of a Moist von Lipwig book. I'll come back with more of a review later. The Shepherd's Crown beckons.
498	adjudicated	1	I'm not sure this has withstood the test of time particularly well, but when it came out it was a great tale in the quest tradition. The whole Belgariad set a standard for the fantasy genre.
499	adjudicated	1	Enjoyed this, the culture is best enjoyed in its dealings with other societies. Certainly the books tend to be far more fun.
500	adjudicated	1	A really great ending to a gruesome, tense, romantic, and exciting trilogy.
501	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars, 8th&up Enjoyable series, & I'm hooked enough to be in it at least until this sibling nonsense is resolved. Please tell me it's nonsense, otherwise...(shudder)
502	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars, 5th&up Although not as action packed and tightly plotted as the first two books, the third entry in the Magisterium series was still absorbing and ended with a shock that makes me yearn for the next book. How long do I have to wait??
503	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars Despite a little bit of a let-down, this was still a good ending to a series that I really enjoyed.
504	adjudicated	4	One of the most enjoyable stories I've read in some time. Captain Jack Aubrey was a fascinating character. You just wanted him to succeed - to capture the Spanish vessel, to gain the respect of his men, to gain the respect of the Admiral. The book is set during the Napoleonic Wars, and it was interesting to see all the Kings ships were nothing but glorified pirates, capturing all vessels they could on the open seas. The book also strongly reminded me of my sailing lessons from last summer - I still had to look a lot of words up, but I remembered ones like leeward and abeam. Makes me want to go sailing!
505	adjudicated	4	A hilarious and book from Tina Fey - definitely worth listening to over audio as she reads it herself. She makes fun of herself a lot, adds lots of light humor, and of course shares TMI. The most interesting bit was hearing the behind the scenes of Saturday Night Live, and how she was a joke writer there for 3 years before they gave her a role on the show, which was only doing the news. Her breakout occurred after she had already left for 30 Rock, when she did the Sarah Palin impersonation. Tina is clearly an example of someone who has worked long and hard to get where she is.
506	adjudicated	3	Highly recommended if you are curious about Manic-depressive disease. A fascinating and even very well written insight from a woman who is both a Psychiatrist who treats it and suffers from it. She was very brave and very poetic in writing this book.
507	adjudicated	4	This story had so much promise! And I love Whitney G. 's writing style; in fact, Turbulence was one of my favorite books this year. This was a cute, fast read BUT several typos later and a heroine who sends sexually explicit emails from her work account and I'm out. Moving on with high hopes for this author's next book. Call me an eternal optimist.
508	adjudicated	4	Another warm, romantic and totally hot story! I have a confession: I am addicted to Alexa Riley's books! They are quick, sexy, and always well-written. The heroes are devoted to their women and the heroines love every second of it. There's always a HEA in the world of Alexa Riley!
509	adjudicated	4	Seriously, Skye Warren can pack more feeling and vivid description into a short story than some authors can in 350 pages. I immediately connected with the lovely young Erin and the object of her desire, Mr. Blake Morris. This wonderful, short erotic story is a total turn-on but is very touching at the same time. Read it, you will absolutely love this sweet and steamy story. Beauty Touched the BeastSkye Warren
510	adjudicated	4	I was surprised at how much I liked this book because I don't usually gravitate towards science fiction. It wasn't perfect, but I did overall really enjoy it! I was pleasantly surprised in the fact that for a male writer, Yancey writes in the female perspective very well--and he writes some pretty kick ass female characters, so if you appreciate that as much as I do, check this book out. The only thing I didn't like about it was the fact that a lot of the characters were so emotionally detached. None of the feelings seemed genuine, and the characters barely mourned at all over the deaths of their loved ones. It was mostly about action--a lot of times in an in your face and blunt way--not so much about feelings.
511	adjudicated	4	I have endless respect and admiration for David Levithan. His books are so meaningful and so beautiful. I loved getting to see a different perspective on Every Day, since it was one of the most thought-provoking books I've ever read. While this book wasn't quite as perfect as the original (and I never expected it to be), Rhiannon's POV still proved to be insightful and was written with the same literary excellence. I will say that I was uncomfortable with the amount of infidelity in this book, because I don't believe that cheating on a partner is ever really justified. I think now more than ever, I really need the sequel to A's story.
512	adjudicated	4	Absolutely captivating. Once you begin reading, you won't be able to put it down. One tells the story of a set of conjoined twins who, against all odds, have made it into their teens. Homeschooled for their entire lives, hard times have forced the family to send them to public school for the first time. The fact that One is written completely in free verse poetry adds power and emotion to the story and pulls the reader in. One tells a heartbreaking but important story of acceptance and love that is perfect for fans of The Fault in Our Stars, If I Stay, and All the Bright Places.
513	adjudicated	4	This book was everything I could have wanted from one of Anderson's books and more! It was written in incredibly captivating and melodic prose. There were lines and pages that made me stop and close the book and just sit in awe of how amazing her writing was. The plot and the concept of the story was as heartbreaking as Speak and Wintergirls, but as always Anderson's characters are strong, resilient, witty-- the kind of characters you root for. I definitely would recommend this book to any fan of realistic fiction!
514	adjudicated	4	I do not normally like historical fiction, but this beautiful work is artful and insightful. The pace of the writing and the glimpses of life in revolutionary England and Belgium feel very real and alive, like a Merchant and Ivory movie or an old BBC Masterpiece Theater piece. And the portrait of Margaret of Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle, her experiences, her thinking and her writing are poignantly expressed in elegant, thoughtful sketches. I am also reading Daniel Boorstin's The Discoverers and the personages in Stuart England and the age of Newton also show up here, coming delightfully alive. This is going on my favorites list.
515	adjudicated	3	A fun adventure tale that is a tad too droll and proper for my tastes. Millet's brand of humor is cut and dried--more of the tongue-in-cheek jokes of Erma Bombeck than the twist of the angry knife humor of Deborah Eisenberg, David Rakoff or Sam Lipsyte. If you are going to criticize using humor, go for the big laugh, is my philosophy. Still, entertaining enough to be a solid summer read, a pleasant time passer.
516	adjudicated	4	A charming, tea drinker's tale about the furtive and futile impulses of a collection of aging British upper-crusters and their household help; a collection of their scheming, their fears, their denials, and their consideration. Perhaps quite cutting edge in its day. Spoiler Alert: Everyone dies in the end.
517	adjudicated	3	"Very well-written; excellent character development. In several spots, the extended time spent completing the book (which Johnson refers to in her Acknowledgments) is evident: for example, Facebook no longer has ""walls,"" there are absolutely no public telephones available anywhere in 2017, and my biggest personal complaint,  no teacher, especially not a 23 year old college grad, should need ""cyberbullying"" announced to them as if the term is new or unfamiliar. Overall, an excellent view inside the lives, minds, and hearts of teens today."
518	adjudicated	2	I haven't stayed up until 5am to finish a book in a while - it felt good. This was a great murder-mystery thriller, and more interesting as it's set in Sweden and deals with journalists, corporations, and hackers. Good stuff!
519	adjudicated	3	This should be 3.5 stars. I really enjoyed it, but found it all kind of random and leading nowhere. That being said, it was very imaginative and entertaining. Hrun the Barbarian was one of my favorites, as was anything the Luggage did.
520	adjudicated	3	Loved every second, and didn't want it to end, so I had to find a book store and buy the next two! Its a Harry Potter reading level and similar type fantasy story, but sometimes thats what you need on a long flight to NYC for the holidays! I think as a child we all daydreamed about alternate worlds, so I love how thats the basis for the book. Thinking about all the permutations of how things could turn out differently is kinda fun :) I think if I had a Daemon I would hope she'd settle on being a lynx.
521	adjudicated	3	DNF. Gave up at around 20%. Way too many grammatical and editing issues for me to continue. I also couldn't get past the simplistic and degrading nickname that Vicious had for the heroine (he called her Help) That was offensive to me. Moving on.
522	adjudicated	4	"Had the pleasure to read an early copy, and it is just a beautiful story!! A Love So Tragic is a gorgeous second-chance romance. Nic and Peyton have a passionate connection but a very rocky road to their own HEA that is emotional, sometimes painful and very, very REAL. I loved the ""rawness"" of it all. More to come closer to release day!"
523	adjudicated	3	So I really don't think you can go wrong with an Alexa Riley book. Thief was over-the-top steamy and sweet, and had lots of action, too! This is a wonderful escapist bit of erotica when you want a hot Alpha and a guaranteed HEA.
524	adjudicated	4	I love an erotic suspense and dark romance as much as the next person but this book just didn't quite do it for me. I literally felt dropped right into the middle of a story that had already begun, which was very disorienting. While many readers are raving about this book, for me there was no connection between the main characters and many of their actions felt mechanical, and the story, formulaic. I still would love to read the other books by this author, because their story lines sound very intriguing. Giving credit here for a very strong, kick-ass heroine, and a surprising ending. (ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.)
525	adjudicated	3	Many readers loved this book but it just wasn't for me. I am a fan of dark romance, dark erotica, romantic thrillers, the whole nine yards so the darker elements were fine for me but I just didn't connect with the main characters. I definitely suggest giving this book a try because the story has a lot of promise but there were just too many character and plot inconsistencies for me to become invested in the story. I will read the author's other books because they sound very interesting and readers whose opinion I trust have really loved her writing.
526	adjudicated	4	3.5 Stars Kate McCarthy is a favorite author of mine but surprisingly this book just did not do it for me. Although the book features a very strong heroine and and a talented but tortured hero, which I loved, the plot of this book fell flat for me and the so-called scandal was absolutely not scandalous in my eyes at all. Lots of readers fell in love with this book so definitely give this one a try and judge for yourself. I adore Kate McCarthy (Redemption is one of my top favorites) and look forward to her next book!
527	adjudicated	3	Devil's Game is thrilling, sexy and funny, and I absolutely devoured every yummy word. Oh, and I love Joanna's kick-ass heroine, Em! This is Book Three in the Reaper's MC Series, and has little bit different feel than the other books in the series. Devil's Game is about family, loyalty and yes, love, with all of the delicious sexy times that I love from Joanna's books. I fell in love with these characters and highly recommend Devil's Game!
528	adjudicated	3	There is nothing quite like a Tessa Bailey book for a good hot dose of dirty-talking Alpha. A well written story, smoking hot sex scenes and characters I actually cared make Staking His Claim a must-read. I absolutely love Matt Donovan! And since I do judge books by their covers, I also give an A+ to this steamy cover for Staking His Claim. Highly recommended. (ARC provided by the publisher for an honest review.)
529	adjudicated	3	Quite a good read. For once an ending seemed well handled--only one small piece seemed extraneous. Some excellent character development. I had forecast a totally different ending, and mine would have worked well also, but this one was better. I find that I enjoy being right in forecasting the ending, and I also enjoy being surprised by being wrong when it is well done.
530	adjudicated	3	4.5 stars rounded up to 5. I devoured this book. The writing was gorgeous and the book was very atmospheric and had this supernatural/eerie sense to it (at least imo) throughout. Unforunately, I thought the last 1/4 or even 1/3 of the book was rather lackluster (I give the first half of the book 5 stars and the last 1/3 like, maybe 2.5 stars) - the ending also left me feeling unsatisfied, but because I enjoyed the previous parts so much, I decided to round my rating up to 5 stars instead of 4. I have the distinct feeling that not much actually happened in this book, but the characters and the setting and mood were just so well written I didn't really care. I look forward to reading the Goldfinch.
531	adjudicated	4	Considering most of the reviews I've seen about this book so far have been so-so, I really enjoyed it! I will say that I'm not at all a fan of scary movies and I tend to get scared very easily, so this may not be as exciting to hard core horror fans, but if you're like me and you want to dip your feet into the genre, I think this was great. Most people also didn't like the fact that the murderer gets revealed fairly early on, but the book didn't focus on who was commiting the crimes, but why they were commiting them, and I actually really enjoyed that aspect.
532	adjudicated	4	This is the first graphic novel that I've read, so I don't have anything else to compare this book to, but I thought it was pretty spectacular! I really loved the art. I thought the story was so powerful and with such an amazing cast of characters and I loved the symbolism. It wasn't predictable at all, I was constantly surprised by what would happen next as I read. I picked this book up on a whim to try something different and I am so glad that I did!
533	adjudicated	2	I honestly don't understand what people don't like about this book. I was expecting it to be terrible, espically because I find that I'm often not satisfied with the endings to series, but I loved every minute of this one. It was definitly creepier and more graphic, but I thought that it did a great job of explaining all of the shit that went down in the first two books. I honestly wasn't expecting to get that much closure. This was truly a spectacular series and a great ending to a great series.
534	adjudicated	4	Mosquitoland tells it's story from a voice like no other I've read before. Our main character Mim is honest, frank, and in your face from page one and you can't help but instantly fall in love with her for it. David Arnold writes in one of the most accurately teen voices I have read in YA to date. As we travel with Mim on her cross-country journey, we are confronted with heartbreak, tackle important issues, and manage to laugh along the way. Towards the middle I felt the story start to lag a little bit, and I'm not completely on board with the way things ended, but this is an incredibly strong debut from Arnold and I look forward to reading his second book and any future books to come.
535	adjudicated	4	After a bit of a slow start with Nine Stories, this volume shows that Angela Carter can write. She wields a broader vocabulary than any writer I can name and can write sentences that flow clear and fast. They sparkle with wit and insight. The subject matter, retold fairy tales with an erotic twist, feels a bit aged, like the darkly lit, wood paneled men's club interiors of chaste Sixties Playboy photoshoots, and there are quite a few wolves, which imagery feels overused. The libido-on-the-loose vibe pervades these stories, but the feminist messaging, if any, went right over my head.
536	adjudicated	3	Sad yet heart-warming all at once--well written and an easy read An extremely well told tale, with an historic background that brings on the melancholy. Bad people are everywhere, sometimes right in front of you--but the most painful scenes are lightly told. The writing is very smooth and somewhat formulaic, so it is possible to skip ahead to the dialogue and not miss any story point. This enabled me to power through in 15 minute subway ride segments over the course of about ten days.
537	adjudicated	3	I think this is the best of Aimee Bender. A contemplative exploration of the life of one L.A. family from the daughter's point of view. There are fantastical elements here, but my dull mind was able to see the beauty and insight of them.
538	adjudicated	2	Good book for when you are sick in bed, or on a subway commute. Douglas Adams has a fine, Monty Pythonesque sense of humor. Its over fast, but apparently there is another one if you are interested. Spoiler alert: I would like to share a point where I did not LOL, but did in fact laugh out loud so hard that the subsequent coughing fit cured me of my bronchitis, viz. Question: How many roads must a man walk down? Indeed.
539	adjudicated	3	This novel got to me on a blood sugar level, it echoes down your spine, you can feel it in your mitochondria. The writing is fresh, quick and hard. The pace is fast, and the pressure builds throughout. The movie was great, but there is a presence in the book that you do not get in the movie, and scenes in the book that are not in the movie. It hits you over the head and then it saves you. The one blot is the racist language, which I would like to believe is just a period character and not the author.
540	adjudicated	4	3.5 stars A well-plotted story that reveals complex characters layer by ever-deepening layer, much as one might come to know persons in the real world, All the Missing Girls was a satisfying read. Although the reverse chronology worked for me for the most part, I found it annoying just past the midpoint of the book for 50 pages or so. However, the plot was compelling enough that I moved past that section/emotion - I'm not sure if that experience was related to the content or simply my tolerance - and regained the sense of being engaged and invested.
541	adjudicated	4	"I rated this book as 4 stars because of quality of writing. Parry has drawn her characters well, follows the ""show, don't tell"" principle, employs realistic dialogue, and her plot development is impressively intricate for any novel - but even more so considering this is her debut. I can't honestly say that I enjoyed the novel as several thematic elements are difficult to read about. Manhattan's underbelly in 1895 is a hard place to visit, even in one's imagination."
542	adjudicated	1	Numerous people in publishing have told me this will be the book of the year.
543	adjudicated	1	Despite having a name that sounds like its a chic-book, this was a pretty sweet western novel. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
544	adjudicated	1	I read this after I went fly fishing for the first time, and it was pure gold. A fantastic story.
545	adjudicated	1	One of my favorites from Grisham. The movie was good to (but of course not as good as the book)
546	adjudicated	1	I read this classic twice in high school. Its hard to like books you read in high school, but this one stood out - couldn't tell you why anymore :)
547	adjudicated	1	Man I wish I hadn't read this yet so I could enjoy it again.
548	adjudicated	1	I know this book is supposed to be evil as its horribly inaccurate, but I had a lot of fun reading it, so I'm still giving it 4 stars. (sorry jacques)
549	adjudicated	2	4.5 Stars! LOVED this sexy-sweet and romantic story!! I fell in love with the characters in this book and absolutely LOVE this author!! I knew from the first page that I would love this romance. Highly recommend. Full review to follow.
550	adjudicated	1	For some reason, this story did not hold my interest. Stopped at about 35% but will pick this one up again later. I usually devour KA books but I'm moving on.
551	adjudicated	1	4.5 STARS! What a beautiful and VERY different story!! Not at all what I expected! Full review to come soon.
552	adjudicated	2	I am officially obsessed with Alexa Riley's books!! The Mechanic was a delicious, smutty, sizzling hot story with some of THE dirtiest talkers around. These books are like palate-cleansers in between the main course. Highly recommended!
553	adjudicated	2	Writing is all over the place. My first Megan Hart book. No clear point of view.
554	adjudicated	2	Kristen did it again! The story of Frankie and Benny was just simply absolutely AMAZING!!! I could not put it down, so much so when finished I picked up the other burg books and started re-reading it to remember all the burg history. So if you haven't yet read it be sure to do sooo !!!
555	adjudicated	3	I must say that so far I loved all of Kriten's books but I REALLY Enjoyed reading the story of Chase & Faye!! It was the perfect ending for Chace. I loved watching Faye and Chace's relationship blossom and become what they both dreamed it would. It was very cute that they both had been in love with each other for years and they finally got what they wanted. I would definitely recommend this book, once I started reading it I could barely put it down... so it's THAT good!
556	adjudicated	2	I had read that it was merely a repeat of The Hunger Games, but decided to read it anyway. And I am glad I did. The revolutionary potential of Katniss' actions has been noted and promoted a new level of oversight and punishment. It read equally as well as the first one.
557	adjudicated	3	Some very interesting character development, an attention holding plot. Some historic information about World War II women prisoners (though the country was changed). Once the main character became an entrepreneur, it became unbelievable, but still a fun read.
558	adjudicated	3	Two things appealed to me about this book. First, I am fascinated by animals learning human language, had read about Nim Chimsky long ago and was fascinated by the use of sign language with animals. I appreciated the notes at the end leading to research backing the novel actions and to the comment that most of the ape - human conversation was based on real conversations, although the book was fiction. Second, it was a real page turner with twists and turns. Some events I could figure out ahead and some surprised me, a nice balance.
559	adjudicated	2	I'm currently reading Clockwork Angel and I'm liking it it is very different from the Mortal Instruments and Clockwork Princess is almost coming so I better finish the first two books (probably might borrow the second book from my friend I am also borrowing the first book from another friend)
560	adjudicated	2	I totally came into this book expecting a cliche, cheesy romance. I honestly thought the book was going to be about the MC dating twenty different boys during the summer. Luckily, I was wrong.
561	adjudicated	1	"(This, and the whole series) Needs a re-read. This was my shit in middle school but all the hate has distorted my views of this book series (phenomena, really) and I need a refresh to form my own opinion. Thus, I've abstained from rating any books in this series until I reread them again. Back when I first read them, they all would have been 5 stars. After I thought it was ""cool"" to hate on this, they'd be 2 stars. The new rating will reflect my current opinion."
562	adjudicated	3	"Since the first book fell flat, I was expecting the same from the sequel. In the beginning, it was just that. By the middle though, I was thoroughly enraptured by the book. It was VERY predictable and I predicted the ""villains"" since practically the beginning, still, that fact did not diminish my enjoyment of the book."
563	adjudicated	2	This book is all about female empowerment while also tackling many subjects such as racism, stereotyping, and sexuality. Seriously, it covers EVERYTHING. Feminism ftw. I like how it doesn't take itself too seriously though.
564	adjudicated	3	I was gonna give this book 3 stars, but I decided on 2 because justifying attempted rape is never o.k. I felt like this book set out to be one of those deep, pretentious books that set out to give you life lessons. I will admit that it did a good job of not being pretentious. It was extremely emotionally manipulative, however.
565	adjudicated	3	It was an easy, quick read. Heard some good things about it so I'd thought I'd check it out. Was pretty disappointed after I read the book. It isn't all that great and there were many times where I just wanted to strangle the main character for being so slow and dumb and unable to comprehend the events that were clearly happening right in front of her. I didn't understand where the book was going with the romance, one moment one guy would be just friends with her and then all of sudden, he suddenly decides that he is in love with her. Overall, just like my rating shows, the book was o.k.
566	adjudicated	2	Ending happened a little fast for me, but I loved the style and felt like the telling of the story was creative. Stylistically, one of the more interesting and engaging books I've read this year.
567	adjudicated	2	This book was everything. I actually think I liked it a little more than the first one. (Only a little, because the first one was amazing, but still.) I never thought I would like this series as much as I do now. How these books manage to pack in so much action and create such great characters in the format that they do is incredible to me.
568	adjudicated	2	A less than riveting examination of the internal psychology of two messed up kids. Good description of some interiors of Paris and interiors of a ruthless couple and their creepy mother in law. The BBC did a film version of this which I cannot forget 25 years later. The book is decent, but my mind will never forget the images of the film version.
569	adjudicated	2	Everything we believe about pirates comes from this story. Yo-ho-ho! And Long John Silver is a character like no other--except perhaps the Devil himself in Paradise Lost. Rip-roaring adventure!
570	adjudicated	2	After the monastery scene, at the point of encounter between the father's servant and the middle son, the narrative engine kicks into high gear and doesn't stop until the end. Which ... makes it sounds as if I only care about plot... No, I just want to encourage people to read it. This is a novel of real, finely drawn characters, and ideas that are rarely considered today-- just cheapened to some UTube debate. Anywho, its a wonderful book.
571	adjudicated	2	Note: This book contains very graphic descriptions of violence to women. It's well-plotted, highly suspenseful and fast-paced. However, I object strongly to the gratuitous descriptions that in no way enhance the story.
572	adjudicated	2	Recommended reading to understand what is going on in middle america, and possibly better explain why Trump won. http://www.npr.org/2016/11/09/5013826...
573	adjudicated	1	Great book about Galileo from the perspective of his daughter.
574	adjudicated	2	4.5 stars, scorching hot sex scenes and great characters but the grammar took away from my enjoyment of the story.
575	adjudicated	2	Five stars to Sempre. Deeply felt, moving love story of loss and redemption. Carmine and Haven will fill your dreams.
576	adjudicated	2	AWESOME SEXY READ!!! Only problem I found with it was that it ended a bit suddenly and I feel like I was left hanging. Not in a cliffhanger kind of way but I just wanted a bit more on their HEA... But other than that it was a great read.
577	adjudicated	2	AWESOME READ!!! I loved to story of Aiden and Emma. It was a little predictable but in a very fun, easy read sort of way. can't wait to start reading the proposal!
578	adjudicated	2	Another end of a great series. A great way to end the series, too. ;_______; Everything was properly sequenced and I never get tired of Marie's alternate POVs unlike other books where it feels like there's only one narrator speaking even if there is two. ((Also, am I the only one who's interested in Antarctica??? That place is so cool))
579	adjudicated	2	It started off slow and it didn't really go anywhere until near the end. The romance was predictable and some twists were o.k.
580	adjudicated	1	It was o.k. Maybe it's just me but I was annoyed at how Ethan had to mention his undying, unyielding, eternal love for Lena practically EVERY.OTHER.PAGE. Like, OKAY, WE GET IT ETHAN. YOU LOVE LENA. WE KNOW. WE'VE READ THREE WHOLE BOOKS ABOUT YOUR GUYS' LOVE PRIOR.
581	adjudicated	2	I swear this took me like a month to read...still, it was seriously amazing. Heathcliff is so unlikable but you just can't help empathizing with him
582	adjudicated	1	After 10,000 years I have finally finished this book. There was a lot of telling not showing.
583	adjudicated	1	Don't read in public. You are going to cry. There is no point fighting this, they're good tears.
584	adjudicated	1	Third read through. Still can't make it all the way through without calling friends who haven't even read the book to ugly cry.
585	adjudicated	1	** spoiler alert ** Paranormal. 3 different modes of death. Character dead.
586	adjudicated	1	This started out really well, with magic, mystery and intrigue but then it devolved into an insta-all consuming love story and I...Just....Couldn't.
587	adjudicated	2	3.5 - 4 Stars! Fans of strong Alpha heroes and military romance will like this one. There is lots and lots of swoony romance and a very dramatic plotline. If you want to lose yourself in a romantic story then this is the book is for you.
588	adjudicated	1	Please please please don't let there be typos in the finished book like there are in the Goodreads summary!
589	adjudicated	1	4 1/2 beautiful stars. Loved it. Review to follow.
590	adjudicated	1	Liked this better than the first book. This is speculation since I haven't read the 3rd book yet, if the author makes it so Seth was actually just using her I will be angry because I HATE when authors do that. I hate when they take a seemingly sweet, genuine guy and turns him into a douche so the reader will root for the other guy. UGH.
591	adjudicated	4	This started off with a bang, absolutely hilarious! This series should probably be read in order and I will defintiely read the first book to see what all the fuss is about. Tapping Her is a super-quick, very dirty and very funny bit of romantic comedy, with some laugh-out-loud moments and a great male POV. There is nothing emotional or angsty about this book and it's just a little something to pick up in between heavier reads. Not too much of a plot here, so don't expect War and Peace.
592	adjudicated	4	"One of the most amazing things about this book was that in spite of knowing the ending, it was suspenseful through and through. The second amazing thing is that it explained rowing to someone who had no clue (me) and little interest in sports in such a way that it was clear but not too much. The story of the road to the Olympics is told mostly from the perspective of Joe Rantz;however, as he requested, it is told in the context of ""the boat""--more than the shell that they propelled with oars, ""the boat"" is the spirit of the team working together in perfect harmony. The physical boat too is a character, and Pocock, its maker, stands out as one filled with wisdom about people as well as rowing and boat building. The story is told in the context of the Depression, the Dust Bowl, and the drums of encroaching World War II. Joe's surmounting of personal struggles as well as economic is admirable."
593	adjudicated	4	This is the first Erdrich novel told from one character's point of view throughout that I have read, and it is well done. Erdrich uses a few sneaky ways to get other peoples' information into the story, but they are believable (even the dream stories). I was glad to see familiar names. Nanapush has a significant role, and others make a cameo appearance (Father Damien, a character from The Bingo Palace, and two other families whose names I recognized but can't think of now). There is an interesting balance between the tense plot moments and boyish day-to-day moments as the plot moves inevitably onward to a satisfying ending. We really get to know the major characters, and I found most quite likeable.
594	adjudicated	4	This book left me dead inside. Even though this book is clearly a retelling about the Queen of Hearts from Alice and Wonderland, I'm a little shell shocked by the ending of this book. I will say that I read the original Alice's Adventures In WonderLand and Through the Looking Glass in preparation for this book, and oh my goodness that was the best decesion I could have ever made. If I thought I was impressed by Meyer's ability to craft retellings when I read the Lunar Chronicles, that was truly nothing after reading this book. The amount of references to the original text and the way she crafts this story to make sense with the originals is absoultly amazing. If you aren't very familiar with WonderLand, I highly recommend reading Lewis Carroll's work before diving into this.
595	adjudicated	4	This book was so original; I've never read anything like it. The symbolism blew my mind and was absolutely beautiful, especially the scene describing the tapestry. There were plot twists in this book that I could have never seen coming and couldn't stop reading to find out what would happen next. I had some small problems, and it realistically is probably more like a 4.5 for me, but there were parts that made me so happy that I just had to bump it up to 5 stars.
596	adjudicated	4	I think I'm finally really getting into this series now! I have a lot more respect and interest for the characters after this book--finally. Unfortunately, I found the first half of this book really slow and that's why I couldn't give if five stars, but the second half was definitely worth five on its own. I can't wait to read the next book now! I also was not a fan of the fact that we were finally introduced to an LGBTQA+ character in this series, only to have him killed off for dramatic effect. I know there is a lot of death in this series, and usually I love that it keeps the plot interesting and keeps me guessing about what will happen next, but I was really excited to finally have that diversity in this story and I don't think she should've taken it in that direction
597	adjudicated	4	As far as trilogy wrap-ups go I think this one finished quite nicely! It had an overall happy ending but with enough loss and heartbreaking moments to make it believable. Beautifully written as always (I think that's to be expected from any of Oliver's books). The only thing that I wished would've been done differently is that the ending felt very rushed to me. I felt like majority of the book could've been sped up to give her more time to drag out the ending and make it more detailed and give us more or an epilogue, or she could've just made the book longer to wrap it up a little bit more. I thought the way that it ended was beautiful, I just would have liked a little bit more.
598	adjudicated	4	This is the best book I've read in a really really long time. I could feel myself slipping into a reading slump and I'm so thankful I picked this book up when I did because it managed to engage me like no other book I've read in a seriously long time. The best thing about this book is that it's so completely unique and different than anything I've ever read. Usually, I'm always drawing connections in my mind between books while I'm reading but this book really created a world of its own. I had absolutely no idea where the plot was headed or how things would resolve and I didn't see any of the plot twists coming, which is really rare for me because I've found that lately I usually always can tell where books are headed and see the plot twists coming before the main character. Despite the very dark tone of this book, Sabaa Tahir's writing style is so elegant and the themes and characters in this book were so beautiful.
599	adjudicated	4	I put off reading this book for almost a year, and after finally reading it, I didn't find myself pleasantly surprised. It was pretty much exactly what I expected it to me. For one thing, the style of writing really bothered me (there was too much passive voice and it didn't suit the tense at all) and I disliked almost all of the characters. There were so many of them that you didn't really get close to any as an individual. I didn't really care what happened to the characters or the overall ending of the book, and was unclear on the whole concept of endgame to begin with. Even though they said the word Endgame almost 100 times, they never really clearly gave a description as to what it was.
600	adjudicated	4	"One of the best histories of any age I have ever read. Graves brings to life the remarkable awfulness of life within the Roman Empire, and demonstrates with alarming exactness how bad people can be, given motive and opportunity. The maxim that power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely is demonstrated here in spades. Paranoia and bloodlust within the few ruling families of ancient Italy are rampant, but the level-headed Claudius holds your faith that good might ultimately ""triumph"" (i.e., until the whole thing goes downhill again--why can't human society ever achieve sustained equilibrium?). I can understand now how Italy tolerated the buffoonish Prime Minister Berlusconi for so long. Compared with their Imperial past, his antics were a walk in the park."
601	adjudicated	4	"The pace is slower than Hobbit and there is much more scenery, but the story somehow manages to hold one's interest. There is an adventure underneath the overgrowth; and perhaps there is some use for this surfeit of nature--like the green of the surrounding garden, a comfortable home (as per Japanese architecture) is not complete if it does not interact with its environment. The power of the Ring is well depicted--my sons would sometimes scream in warning as Frodo fingered the ring, ""Don't put on the ring!!!"" Thank you for the memories, J.R.R."
602	adjudicated	4	A sad tale of love, where the lovers do not understand their own motives, or, if they do, they fail to listen to them. The young woman should have married the man she loved rather than the one who came from England. The man treats marriage as a box to check on his life menu. The locals are watching helplessly as this marriage inevitably hits the rocks. Some really beautiful writing in here.
603	adjudicated	4	"This well written update to Catcher in the Rye depicts the confusion of high schoolers trying to find their way into adulthood. At first I mistook ""wall flower"" as code for a gay character, but it turns out that the author character is only a wimp, a soft-hearted crybaby, who I am surprised is not beaten, or at least ostracized by the end of the story, because that is the likely result of such a personality at my high school, which pre-dates the era in which this was written. And Ohio, my home state, is not far, or different, from Pennsylvania. Of course, he has to be soft-hearted in order to get away with some of the scenes he is witness to here. Nonetheless, he does a decent job of teasing out the small hypocrisies, the animal instincts, and most of all the sadness of the whole high school experience."
604	adjudicated	4	Principle thesis: black Americans (and, by extension, any minority) might in actual result have been better off over the last 50 years with some form of (voluntary?) segregation, to the extent that such segregation could fire an angst to excel against the cracker powers. The thesis is troubling to the alluvial plain of the post-Civil Rights movement in America's political-culture, but the writing itself is a blazing scrim of hip-hop cultural riffing that leaves no bleeding heart do-gooder unscathed, no conservative talking head unsullied, no cultural sellout untouched, and no stone (or Molotov cocktail) unthrown. That is to say, it is very sharp, fun, and painful to read. Rated PG-13.
605	adjudicated	4	A creepy Lolita-like tale brought wittily up to date by a very sharp writer. Although some of the scenes are a touch too graphic for my tastes, the unfailing narcissism and blindness of the protagonist propel the story and the humor forward through increasingly you-have-got-to-be-kidding plot developments. The pages are filled with insightful, quirky, dark humor. And there is a sadness flowing through the narration that is barely visible until the very last scenes when there is a sense of boundless devastation. Although in the story there is only one prosecution, in the course of the narrative, everyone, society included, is indicted.
606	adjudicated	4	Egan shows brilliance in all categories of insight and description in this wonderful novel about turn of the century America. From the unbalanced professor of history of American industry to the soul sellers of the dot com bubble, all ring true and melancholic. The sadness of the passage of time and the strangeness of the existential experience, themes she revisits in Goon Squad, are starting to develop here.
607	adjudicated	4	Many of these stories are effused with the lingering emotional aftermath of the unspoken war just ended. An ineffable sense of mourning plays through the words and actions of broken or confused ex-soldiers interacting with untouched civilians. Other stories carry a long melancholic nostalgia for childhood innocence, or a just a nostalgic melancholy, with small jokes and odd details to lighten the mood, a contrast of adult versus child, a crushed innocence. I very much liked the fact that the book cover is exactly the same design as the one that sat on my father's shelf when I was a boy, thus invoking in me my own melancholic nostalgia.
608	adjudicated	4	Coupled with Flannery O'Connor's 'all the stories' collection, I was touring life in 1950s America. It was a bigoted, closeted, pleasant time, when people dressed well, read hard boiled pulp and didn't stick their noses in other people's business. I enjoyed greatly the description of all the little jobs that have irretrievably faded into history; the elevator operators, the western union offices, the man who has a job at a local bank in the next town, and having that job, makes enough to own a home in a nice neighborhood and raise a family. Where did these jobs go? Milton Friedman and his classical economist ilk sent them all away, across the borders and the oceans, because it's cheaper for the consumers, you know, those other people who have the good jobs, not the ones who are going to lose theirs when we throw their jobs onto the slag heap of there must be a better way. ... And I find that I have become a raving old coot.
609	adjudicated	4	A quirky little (i.e., quickly read) novel, a sort of Twilight Zone of a situation, in which you can predict the direction fairly clearly, but it is creepy nonetheless. The direction of the story is much like The Lottery, a sort of community of oppression, but also fairly worn. The cousin, the interloper, is a practical business type, who can't stand quirkiness, who will not stand for oddity, and his appearance spells trouble. You sort of end up rooting for the person who seems like the source of the problem, but who is also somehow strangely innocent, as against the practical outsider, the snake who enters the garden and ruins everything.
610	adjudicated	4	An amusing, entertaining book about one man's experience of failed middle class life, featuring a lot of weeping and epiphany on the part of the main character, and plenty of plot twists to keep it interesting. A nice summer or long train ride read (do you not ride trains where you live? You have my sympathy). The failure of the middle class life here is really about the failure of the U.S. economic system to maintain enough jobs to allow the dwindling American middle class to prosper, which it fails to notice when things seem good; the author gets in some licks on that account--a thoroughly enjoyable smack down of a few individuals symbolizing the group think, self-satisfaction, and collective delusion that started in the eighties, built up critical mass in the nineties, and after 2007 brought down the cloudburst of shit rain.
611	adjudicated	4	"A riff on 'ask and you shall receive, seek and ye shall find,' with a bit of ""use it or lose it,"" a boy who was searching for something ends up finding a bunch of gold. A materialist mantra disguised as a spiritual journey. Barbara Ehrenreich once observed that God the creator of the entire universe, could not possibly care whether a particular individual is rich or not. Jesus calls on people who would follow him to give up all their possessions. As for fans of The Alchemist, whatever makes you feel better, whatever gets you through the night, I suppose."
612	adjudicated	4	Reading Ulysses is like ascending Everest. Establish a base camp at the beach, watch for the fireworks. Leave your fellow climbers for dead at the bar during the parade, and try to find that treacherous passage to the next level. The winds and weather are bad at times, particularly in the brothel, but veterans say that if you can make it to the soliloquy, you are home free. I teared up at the ending, in part from the beauty of the passage, in part from relief and shock at the pure achievement.
613	adjudicated	4	I have read all but one of this author's previous novels and have really enjoyed them. From the beginning, this one seemed different in a way that I, initially, couldn't pinpoint. Certainly, an author can write a book that doesn't come together as well as her previous ones, but I have strong suspicions that this title was actually written earlier in Gudenkauf's career. The prose is stilted and amateurish compared to her other works, the characters are undeveloped, the plot thin and simplistic. Frequent proofreading errors also decreased the quality and my enjoyment of this book. Here's hoping that her next work is one that reflects her growth as a writer and her strengths as a storyteller.
614	adjudicated	3	** spoiler alert ** I equally loved book 2, and am definitely hooked. I did feel it took a little while for them to get to sea, but I guess we can't bring in a love interest if we aren't on the land! My favorite thing by far was the Lively, and the descriptions of how fast she is and how much care the crew took keeping her a crack ship. Pride in what you do can be a great motivator. I also loved how Jack made them work the guns against all the batteries for practice.
615	adjudicated	3	After seeing the movie (i liked it), and needing a fun read for a vacation, this was perfect. Like Jacques, I loved the explanation of Baccarat. My mental image of Vesper Lynd in the book is much prettier than the actress from the movie. Fleming's Bond is much more of a connoisseur than the movie Bond, and he takes great care in describing all the details of the things he enjoys - particularly his cigarettes, his food, his wine, and his car.
616	adjudicated	3	A really interesting novel that takes place in the future in a world where some people live in the metaverse (aka digital universe/internet) more than the real world. I don't remember it so well now but I do remember there being some really interesting tie-ins to ancient sumarian computers. That plus any book with a protagonist named Hiro Protagonist who wields badass japanese swords is just badass. Note: the MetaVerse is current being built now here: http://secondlife.com
617	adjudicated	3	Absolute unforgettable story of the power of a mother's love. The book has an uplifting and positive message even though the story itself is very grim. A must-read.
618	adjudicated	3	4.5 Stars! WOW! What a gorgeous story! New-to-me author Emma Scott has written a beautifully-crafted, lyrical story with memorable characters and a simply beautiful love story. Full review to follow.
619	adjudicated	3	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect story with incredibly detailed references to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
620	adjudicated	3	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect stroy with incredibly detailed referenced to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
621	adjudicated	3	"Wonderful story that tackles a very emotional subject with great sensitivity and grace. There is no ""one size fits all"" when it comes to recovering from a traumatic assault. Loved Ryan and can't wait for his story."
622	adjudicated	3	A powerfully written story that will take your breath away. You will not be able to tear yourself away from the story of Sophie and Ian. The writing is flawless and the character development perfect. Unforgettable first-kiss scene! Seriously, this book needs to be made into a movie. Put this at the top of your to-read list for 2013.
623	adjudicated	3	It has been a while since I read it so I have forgotten details, but I remember mostly liking it. I wondered if amnesia would alter a personality as much as shown, but the author did do research. And the fiance's getting to know the new woman is a sort of reminder that we do change and that we shouldn't assume details about another.
624	adjudicated	3	sometimes one needs a fluff read. But also need enough time to finish at the 'can't put down' stage. This one had too much prolonged history of Italy and Italian language detail in the beginning. Some was needed for setting and character development and to establish fear, but most felt like filler. Toward the second half it became a better read.
625	adjudicated	3	After a sample of three, I see a pattern: lone character in a strange setting, establish the setting for a couple chapters, then gradually introduce other characters and fill in the past that got them to the strange state. I enjoyed references to the first volume. This second book had more slow moments than the first of the series, but when it was good it was very good. I am not yet sure what to make of the God's Garden religion. Sometimes it seemed excessive, other times wise.
626	adjudicated	3	4.5 stars. Saying this book was amazing doesn't even begin to describe it. However, it lagged in some parts and it didn't really pull my heartstrings as much as I thought it would. I just can't bring myself to give it 5 stars but still an excellent read none the less.
627	adjudicated	3	"Original and refreshing, not to mention amazing. I love Marion's style of writing and I think I'm going to be eagerly awaiting ANY new book he writes. Even more stoked for the movie now. Beware of the explicit language in this book though. (Although the only cuss word that is constantly used in this book is the ""F"" word, it's used quite often.) Also, not gonna lie, there may have been oh, two or three parts (or 5+) that literally made me LOL and glad that I wasn't reading this in public... 5/5 (I would give it more stars if I could)."
628	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars. In my opinion, not as good as the first one. While it was a really quick read, nothing really happened. This book adds alternating povs, switching between Ky and Cassia each chapter but frankly, you definitely would not be able to differentiate between them unless you read the name at the beginning of the chapters. Ky doesn't have a distinct voice and sounds EXACTLY the same as Cassia. So there's that...plus, I really wanted to strangle some characters in this book.
629	adjudicated	3	I liked it but I was a bit disappointed. Probably because I came into this book with high expectations. I think I liked this book more than I would have if I hadn't been required to analyze and answer questions on it for English class. All the symbols, motifs, and themes probably would have flown over my head.
630	adjudicated	3	I liked it. I especially liked the beginning, the sarcastic, humorous tone of the book, and the action. It got kind of slow in the beginning/middle and the romance was sweet but  kind of sickly because, you know, it was basically necrophilia  . What I didn't like was how the beginning high school stuff was cliche, the assumption that all a guy has to do is ignore a girl to get her to fall for you, and the idea of a stereotypical white, blonde prom queen (although I actually liked the character). Also I don't know how to feel about the ending. But, there's a sequel so.
631	adjudicated	3	Interesting to see how the different characters think about the Rebellion (I read it in Dutch, I think this is the word they use in the English version?) and how that changes (mainly with Xander) .
632	adjudicated	3	This book was so exciting! I have never read anything like it. It is full of action, and Ursula Poznanski creates a game world that seems 'real' (not 'the world we live in'-real but 'this could be the setting of a fantasy book'-real). The plot surprised me and had me wondering all day: 'Could this be real?'
633	adjudicated	3	This might be one of the first books that I have loved this much but was unable to read in one sitting. Or two sittings. It is lovely, dense in exactly the right ways, and deals with a lot of emotional situations in ways that are both unique and clever. Obviously, one of these situations is that of losing a friend emotionally and then actually, and how to resolve emotions of hatred and loss simultaneously. When I say it's dealt with uniquely, I mean that Vera is not somehow gifted with an emotional intelligence that would allow her to deal with this nimbly, and instead she simply dumb a**es through in a way that is relatable and cringe inducing. Full Review at: http://saltywordsandsemicolons.com/20...
634	adjudicated	3	I was very apprehensive going into this book because I know that it is not told in a traditional style, but I ended up loving it. I will say that it was a little hard for me to keep everything straight in the beginning, but once I got into it and used to it I was fully emersed. I loved the characters in this book and even though I didn't think I was going to be able to see their personality come through with the way this was told, that was not the case at all. This book still managed to be hilarious and sad and beautiful even though it was literally just a compilation of files. It managed to completley take me by suprise and had me on the edge of my seat at multiple times throughout the story--not just at the end. I feel like this phrase gets thrown around a lot when people really enjoy a book, but I can honestly say that Illuminae really isn't like any book I've ever read before.
635	adjudicated	3	I really enjoyed reading this book. Each time I picked it up to read I found myself giddy to slip back into this world of brutality and political intrigue. The pacing of this book is a slow burn--it is a lot of world building and character building but it was so fun to follow the characters and learn more about this period in history, which I know virtually nothing about. The ending left me dying to read more, and I can't wait for the other two books to eventually come out!
636	adjudicated	3	3.5 Stars. I did enjoy this one slightly more than the first one. I thought it introduced a lot of great new characters and did a much better just showing instead of telling (which was my biggest problem with the first one). While I really enjoyed the first 100 pages after that I thought the plot slowed down a lot and I started to really lose interest. That's what really brought down the rating for me. I will say though that this is still one of the most original YA series I have ever read.
637	adjudicated	3	I had a lot of fun reading this one! It was really compelling and I liked all of the characters a lot. It was equal parts creepy, funny, and romantic. The only problem I had with the book that knocked it a star was the fact that there would be times when reading where I felt that certain events were really choppy and didn't flow in a way that made sense, or Mara reacted to something in a way that I didn't understand or wasn't believable. I'm really hoping a lot of things get answered by the end of the trilogy. Other than that I really enjoyed this and can't wait to start the next one after that ending!
638	adjudicated	3	I felt like there were a lot of missed oppertunities in this book. Overall, I just didn't like the direction she chose for the ending of this series. I was nervous when I picked it up and saw how short it was, but I thought that maybe because it was so short it would be action packed, but I felt like NOTHING happened in this book. It was hard for me to stay invested in this series, and I feel like I may have enjoyed the series more as a whole if I marathoned it instead of waiting for each book and reading them as soon as they released. I just felt like this was a really anti-climactic way to end a series about an anti-hero that had so much potential. This is definitely one series where I just disagree with the hype.
639	adjudicated	3	Reading this book, at first, seemed very tedious to me. I wanted a decision from the main character so badly, and was so angry that she couldn't seem to make up her mind about anything and when she did make up her mind she changed it a day later. But really I think that I just really sympathize for the situation she is in. I don't focus on as many of the smaller details as she does, but I'm not sure what I want for her in the long run. I personally prefer Aspen over Maxon and think it would be great if she just waited out his military service and lived a nice quiet life as a two since she hates being in the spotlight. However, I want her to become queen not because I want her to necessarily be with Maxon, but because I want her to be able to use her power as Queen to fix their broken society because she has the courage and passion to do it!
640	adjudicated	3	I was pleasantly surprised with this book! It didn't pan out at all the way I thought it would, and is pretty different from a lot of books I've read recently. It doesn't really focus on romance at all, even though the female and male protag work together for a lot of the story, which I thought was refreshing. The book focuses a lot more on friendships and had more action and mystery than I was anticipating for a realistic fiction book. A super fun and easy read.
641	adjudicated	3	Whoa. Its different from the way I remember the movie. The movie works as a movie, but the book sure works well as a book. The movie builds to a dramatic ending, but the book keeps you on the edge throughout, and has charming moments to boot. I can't get enough of the lawyer as hero! Well worth the read.
642	adjudicated	3	"It took about half way into this book for the humor to start hitting my funny bone. Making fun of the deaf, the overweight and the handicapped is a bit hard to get into, but the author tries to make this easier by having them be nasty people---think of the old Seinfeld episodes of the ""Bubble Boy"" etc. The first half is rather dark and cynical. But then about halfway through, the parody of the work place really started to turn from awful to wonderful, and the narrator gets into a hilarious exchange with the ""dealer"" in his building and then his overbearing girlfriend loses it during their breakup, so the second half I quite enjoyed."
643	adjudicated	3	This was written in a seventies pot-boiler style, which is not really my cup of tea. The idea was amusing, but the realization seemed a bit stretched. There were a few laughs, but mostly I remember a wish to get through it. It did keep me from boredom in a hotel room, but when I got back home I had better things to read and it languishes on my unfinished shelf.
644	adjudicated	3	I read this once in high school, and re-read it to my boys this year. It is wonderful--the pacing is good, the adventure unique and the main characters admirable (and loveable). We have now moved on to Fellowship of the Ring.
645	adjudicated	3	My first book by Hurston since she showed up in a deck of famous author cards. Very original and easy to read once you can get into the flow of converting the spelling of vernacular speech into spellings you are familiar with. Hilarious sayings and stories. The protagonist is strong like that in the Color Purple (Alice Walker loves this book) and her three (consecutive) husbands are also well drawn and believable. Wonderful.
646	adjudicated	3	Eudora Welty hits one out of the park with her pitch perfect white trash versus the educated/cultured. This short, well-sketched novel builds slowly to the last angry scene in which words are finally exchanged. Perfectly describes the lament of humble, reflective persons when confronted with persons who care only about themselves.
647	adjudicated	3	Rowling really hits it out of the park with the characters and story in this volume. It is not bogged down by scenes involving Voldemort. No, the story's drama is driven by a human character (Professor Umbridge) who is easily recognized and hated as she continually ups the ante in a quiet battle of wills against Gryffindor and the good professors of Hogwarts. After the initial action and excitement, the story drags a bit with Sirius Black's family history, but after the students arrive in Hogwarts, the story never lets up its pace. First rate! Oh--and my boys loved it as well!
648	adjudicated	3	I have not done a lot of dabbling in the Sci-Fi space, and here I am jumping right into Sci-Fi from a different culture and political system from the get go. This tale is a lot of fun, with alien history, random murders, physics, global regime changes, nano-technology and the Chinese Cultural Revolution to boot! The evil environmentalists are interfering in pure science which is humanity's only chance to.... SPOILER ALERT. Some pretty well drawn characters and some serious writing and the science is all good.
649	adjudicated	3	Science is hard, but reading this book is easy. Elizabeth Kolbert pens another thoughtful volume, this time explaining how the death of other species is a warning for our own. Ask not for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for us, too. Can we think our way out of this pickle? One can only hope, because dramatically changing our lifestyle seems to be completely off the table. Hell, we can barely get the oldies to switch to energy saving lightbulbs and low flow toilets without screaming about communistic fascism.
650	adjudicated	3	I remember the moment in 1988 when my beloved aunt mentioned the book to me, saying it had a lot to think about. Now, thousands of miles and decades away, reading this feels like an anthropological dig, but the book is worth the read because of the excellent writing and the plausible plot. The way the government is overthrownaken is disturbingly realistic, a sort of Jade Helms led by Jesse Helms and Pat Robertson, the handmaid ends up living with Jimmy Swaggart and Tammy Faye Bakker, and the executions are tribal rituals. Hallelujah.
651	adjudicated	3	Outstanding Roy has a facility for language that at times reminded me of James Joyce--alliterative and original. The scenes are colorful, poetic and fascinating. The points of view and the eye of the narrator is that of an artistic film director, watching the details of the objects and sounds in scene yet not losing sight of the principle action.
652	adjudicated	3	Excellent political and emotional tale by Highsmith. The road trip turns this novel into a brilliant entry into 50s noir rivaling Lolita. Full confession: I wanted Carol to shoot the bastard! Creepy Richard stands in for much of society, with Harge the judge and jury, and that mousey little housemaid doing the Man's bidding. Fight the power!
653	adjudicated	3	This is a novel about transformation, a weekend version of The Road's apocalypse. Lasting impressions: The dark menace of the metal working shop, the golden glint in the eye of the underwear model, the alpha male and his less enthusiastic sidekicks, the do what you must heroics, which is the transformation/deliverance, and the sheer excitement of the 'most dangerous game.' My reading notes came out sparse, because the poetry is baked into every line and does not sift to notes well. My cousin and I have a disagreement about ranking -- I have always fought grade inflation, but rankings above three seem to be more about emotional punch, which is a function of individuality. Mark--I did like this book.
654	adjudicated	3	This book has almost made me believe in time travel. How in the f* could he have written this in 1955?! It predicts everything that the US did in in Vietnam to completely screw the pooch, but which did not happen until the first half of the 1960s. Graham Greene was either a genius or he had some wicked good connections to something or someone. And then of course, the fact that this was written then and then everything happened anyway, makes me (and should make you) really, really sad. So that is why it's a five.
655	adjudicated	3	This was a book I wanted to love but I just didn't. It felt clunky and off. Everything that happened before she got on the bus was backstory and not really necessary. We could have learned about it as she told Andrew about it and it would have speed things up considerably. It just didn't do it for me. It was okay, but nothing amazing.
656	adjudicated	3	I loved this book so much. Puck's wit definitely was a high point, but I also liked the budding relationships. I adored this book so much more than I can really even verbalize. The fey world and the human world are so vivid and I love how much it is grounded in reality by the descriptions of normal, every day things. It really helps you to imagine that a world like this really could be hidden right inside our own.
657	adjudicated	3	Really enjoyed this one. It is not as good as the Eona Duology but this first book is obviously meant to set the foundation for the coming 2 books and as such, was slow at times but I didn't even find the slow bits to be tedious or anything of the sort and the story really picks up a fast pace in the last 200 pages or so. I genuinely can't wait to see where Goodman takes this story, it has such great potential. And as usual, the attention to historical detail is astounding. Goodman draws from real historical characters and events and I really admire a well-researched story.
658	adjudicated	3	Rating: 3.5 This book had a lot of issues. The romance made no sense at all to me, most of the flashbacks were tedious and unnecessary, and the plot twist at the end was so predictable. Also, the fact that Yael, the seasoned fighter, trusted Luka and Felix so completely was unrealistic. Despite all of that, I really did enjoy the book and I thought it was a lot of fun. The first book to me was a lot better but the sequel is good too.
659	adjudicated	2	5 stars for giving me a better framework for how to organize my stuff and what stuff to keep than I'd ever had before. For instance it was so freeing to realize I don't have to keep gifts.
660	adjudicated	2	A great finish to the D'Artagnan series - definitely enjoyed it. Ending wasn't what I wanted though, you could tell he was just trying to permanently end the series. It could easily be having seen the movie made me want more drama.
661	adjudicated	2	Seven amazing stories. Each one you think can't possibly top the last, and then it does. We never really get to understand what is up with the Time Tombs - guess I have to keep reading. But the strength of each of these stories is worth it. One of the best books I've read in a while.
662	adjudicated	2	Great book. A sci-fi classic. The fact that Gibson wrote this in 1984 is very impressive, as he makes many predictions that seem like they are coming true (was that a prediction?
663	adjudicated	2	One of my all-time favorites. The ultimate revenge story. One fascinating aspect to think about was that back in the day this novel appeared as a series of articles in the newspaper in France...
664	adjudicated	2	I read this while backpacking through Europe after college. It was a fascinating insight into the Spanish culture - anyone going there should definitely read this.
665	adjudicated	2	One of my top 5 favorites. Read this at the deeper/figuring your life out moments - it will give you strength and inspiration.
666	adjudicated	2	After the first read, this book is the worst one in the Harry Potter series. Characters are not as likeable as they are in the other books. However, I recently reread it (after reading book 6), and found it to be a very good read.
667	adjudicated	2	"This might be the most deliciously dirty Alexa Riley story ever. I mean, look at the plot, ""stepdad"" and ""stepbrother"" want to f*k the teenager living with them in their trailer. But it's all very sweet and in good fun even though it is nasty and totally forbidden! If you have about 1/2 hour to spare, prepare yourself for a fun, filthy, sexy, erotic story. Loved it!"
668	adjudicated	2	Contains major spoilers so only read this after you have completed the Indebted Series!! The Epilogue is filled with TONS of goodies and yummy scenes. Very creative ending to one of my favorites series. Enjoy!
669	adjudicated	2	3.5 Stars First book by this author, not what I expected! Lots of swoony romance plus lots of drama. Loved the strong heroine, she saved the day for me! Also loved the very hot sexy times. Full review to come shortly.
670	adjudicated	2	4.5 heart-pounding stars!! Malcolm Kyle Preston Logan Saint is quite the sexy alpha!! I need more, asap. I know there is much more to Saint than meets the eye. This is one of Katy's best books. Full review to come closer to release day!
671	adjudicated	2	Get ready to be enthralled by the next part of Nila and Jet's story! There are scenes of intense passion, heartbreaking deceit, frightening and truly evil characters, and heart-stopping action. There's almost a historical vibe to this book, but it is most definitely a contemporary, sexy and very erotic story. I am literally on pins and needles waiting for the next installment. I need more Jethro!
672	adjudicated	2	This novella gets 5 stars for the absolutely smoking hot sex scenes and great dialogue, and 1 star for the often laughable supporting storyline. There are so many completely made-up details in this story that would never, ever happen in real life (and would land the main characters in a real courtroom) that it made it very difficult for me to enjoy the sexy and engaging banter between the two main characters. I did love the alternating POV's but the glaring inaccuracies in this story aggravated the hell out of me. This is pure, escapist fantasy, that can be read in just one sitting. The author does a great job at establishing an emotional connection between the characters and I definitely will read the next installment.
673	adjudicated	2	Fantastic, page-turning, gripping and unbelievably hot book. I am in love with both characters! Thank you, M. Pierce, for Matt and Hannah! By far, one of the most creative stories I have read in a long while. Drop everything and read Night Owl! Read our full review here
674	adjudicated	2	WOW what a surprising book! Fabulous story and characters and we could NOT put this one down. These are not your usual cast of characters, they make terrible mistakes and some are filled with anger and dishonesty! We love love love Caleb. You will immediately feel the need to read Dirty Red. Trust us, things are not what they seem... We can only hope and pray for a HEA for our Caleb and Olivia.
675	adjudicated	2	Beautiful and painful. And funny. A must-read. You won't be sorry.
676	adjudicated	2	Kristen Ashley on steroids. Good story but lots of typos and errors.
677	adjudicated	2	One of Kristen Ashley's best books ever. You will love Faye and Chace. Another phenomenal story and yet another fabulous alpha male! Have Kleenex ready near the end. Thanks Kristen!
678	adjudicated	2	This is not for everyone but it is one of the most haunting books I have ever read. I wish I could give more than 5 stars!
679	adjudicated	2	LOVED THIS BOOK. LOVED the characters, and that the heroine is older. The ending is a little drawn out though. Still great book.
680	adjudicated	2	Ok so I'll say it... At first I was a little unsure how I felt about the book, since Gemma kept going back and forth on her decision making.. It was kind of getting annoying. But.... That twist blew me away,( still not sure how I feel about it though) . So yes it's a must read simply because that twist was so not expected!
681	adjudicated	2	Ok I think this book should come with major warning labels! I mean come on can anyone withstand sooo much death and sorrow like Caden? I mean seriously poor guy!! I am left depressed and will require several hours of watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S episodes to get over the gut wrenching, depression leading, emotional wreck I became after reading this book.... Sooo if you want to cry, get depressed, then this book is for you. But as for me, as much s I loved Ever and Caden and only wish for their happy ending I don't think I can handle what I know will be a very sad journey on the next two books.
682	adjudicated	2	The plot pacing was excellent, and the book held my attention. The well-rounded character development allowed me to change my opinion of several actors.
683	adjudicated	2	The plot a page turner. The maids reflect the Mammy stereotype. I would like to see the story written by one of the maids. I recommend Maid in the USA by Mary Romano as a corrective. It is an ethnography about real live maids along with research about labor law and how it hasn't been applied to housemaids. The dialect was a sad imitation of Black Vernacular English.
684	adjudicated	2	A page turner. Since I hate reality TV I valued the parody of it. Some good character development.
685	adjudicated	2	I was afraid it would merely be a rerun of Pillars in a new era, but it managed to add a new dimension.
686	adjudicated	2	Although it is long, it was hard to find a place to put it down. Some very interesting characters, especially the women.
687	adjudicated	2	The book has been around a while so I was familiar with the general themes. Still, it was interesting to read about studies and see their methods analyzed as well as getting other details to fill in the outline.
688	adjudicated	2	Mildly entertaining. Some interesting social attitudes and family conflicts. Conversation was not convincing as conversation. Unexpected ending.
689	adjudicated	2	Surreal. Entertaining. Far more allusions than I can recognize. Worth pondering.
690	adjudicated	2	Deeply troubling. Deeply moving. Moves inexorably to its end.
691	adjudicated	2	It was cute, fun to read. This book just proves that you just can't wait and stand by. You have to climb the stairs (lol) and make the first move. If not, nothing is ever going to happen.
692	adjudicated	2	Second read, I dropped one star. I remember how boring and slow the book was, but it really picks up at the ending; if you can wait that long. 3.5 stars
693	adjudicated	2	I remember trying 3 times to read this but I always gave up on page 3 or so. So I skipped to book 2 and then read the whole series then came back to this book. It's hard to review this book without taking in the series a as a whole.
694	adjudicated	2	The lore in this series is incredible. I absolutely adore it. I felt like this book started dragging in the middle and it was completely unnecessary for the book to be 600 pages. There are still some loose ends but I enjoyed reading this so.
695	adjudicated	2	I enjoyed this book. It wasn't perfect or innovating, and it was kind of predictable. Still, it was a nice read and I enjoyed the story. I also like how the romance was kind of already established, so it wasn't insanely cheesy or cliche or something.
696	adjudicated	2	"3.5 stars. Took me forever to read this because of college. I don't know if that affected me or not but once I started reading again after a month things seemed kind of dragged. It picked up again for a bit. Some of the decisions that Jacob and Emma made were so annoying and I felt like the ending ""battle"" was a bit of a cheap exit."
697	adjudicated	2	A bunch of science and math jargon that I didn't comprehend but I enjoyed this book. It was slow at first then picked up. The humor is sarcastic and dry, so it's great and funny. My favorite parts were all then povs other than Mark's (what can I say? His are the most boring).
698	adjudicated	2	Surprisingly, a lot of the dialogue from the movie were direct quotes from the book. Truly one of the most true adaptations of a book I've seen in a movie. It was enjoyable, but I feel like watching the movie first made me enjoy the book less, since I already knew what was going to happen.
699	adjudicated	2	DNF. I got about half way before I lost interest in this book. I really enjoyed the writing, and the beginning was most enjoyable imo. This had some pretty outrageous moments but I believe that's part of its charm. Maybe one day I'll pick it back up and finish it but I am way too behind in my reading challenge to try and force myself to finish a book I'm not interested in anymore.
700	adjudicated	2	"The synopsis and the cover make this seem like a plain, old, cliche, YA retelling of Beauty and the Beast. Not true and very misleading. It was so much more. There were moments were I was like ""WHAT?!"""
701	adjudicated	2	Based off just the title and without reading the synopsis, this book wasn't what I was expecting. I still enjoyed it however, and it was a pretty quick read. Very enlightening in terms or dealing with autism and family dynamics.
702	adjudicated	2	"*I originially rated this 2 stars, but thinking back on this book I can't remember anything about it except that it was pretty boring, so rating has been dropped to 1 stars* *Original Review* It was okay I guess. Hayley was pretty irritating and boy, was she BITTER. Finn was alright, he was one of those eccentric young adult male love interests (*cough* Augustus *cough*). I don't really know whether or not I actually ""liked"" this book or not..."
703	adjudicated	2	"1.5 stars? If I were to describe this book in one word I'd say ""disappointed."" I feel like I should give this book 1 stars because I didn't really enjoy it, on the other hand, it's not ""bad,"" per say. The plot twist that everyone is raving about didn't even surprise me. I had already deduced something similar several chapters back. Oh well."
704	adjudicated	2	I can't believe this is suppose to be a children's book...it was creepy as hell and I honestly don't know how I feel about it. The book was weird and the ending sucked, but it wasn't bad and it was interesting. Honestly, the book feels incomplete but apparently there's a sequel that the author wrote like 10 years later so. Basically this is a dystopian novel that's hella weird yet it sucks you in but then feels incomplete and unfinished at the end.
705	adjudicated	2	"2.5 stars. The beginning was pretty confusing, and it took me a while to get used to the italic writing. I wish the author just decided on one point of view, instead, this book is written in both first person and in third person. Honestly the synopsis just explains the whole book. The book wasn't really what I was expecting, Arthur didn't even die until the middle of the book and those ""seven years of hardship"" were literally just skimmed over. I just skimmed the ending because I didn't feel like reading pages worth of italics."
706	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars. What I liked about this book particularly was the psychology and Kaysen's scenes with her fellow patients.
707	adjudicated	2	Interesting and well-written nonetheless, even if you disagree with Ayn Rand's philosophy.
708	adjudicated	2	For once, the relationship between a student and teacher isn't just black and white. Let me tell you, it's a VERY, very prominent gray.
709	adjudicated	2	I get that this book contains fantasy elements but there were just some parts that felt plain unrealistic, to the point of absurdity. The writing wasn't too bad, minus some parts but whatever. The pacing was bad and the plot was thin. There were so many unanswered questions. I almost gave up on the book near the middle.
710	adjudicated	2	This book started off great. Then, it went down the drain and I just wanted someone to stake all the characters because they were so DAMN annoying. This review sums it up best: http://www.goodreads.com/review/show/...
711	adjudicated	2	Really liked this book and while I see the similarities to Vampire Academy I feel like VA had more charm. Still, this book was kind of predictable but I really liked it.
712	adjudicated	2	Um. Can I have the second book now? Pretty please? Seriously, this was the first book in MONTHS that I have read in less than a day. It was just that compelling and interesting. Can't wait for the next book!
713	adjudicated	2	"Classical musician and ""bad-boy"" guitar player? Does this sort of remind anyone else of If I Stay? *update* Just finished the book, and okay, seriously? Cello?! Now it REALLY reminds me of If I Stay, oh, and the coma part too!? Anyways this book was cute but was filled with cliches"
714	adjudicated	2	Welp, we can all agree Nikki is a bitch.
715	adjudicated	2	I truly enjoyed this book. Tina Fey is funny, but that's nothing new.
716	adjudicated	2	I'm pretty sure anyone who has/will ever read this book will want to take it and slap some sense into Lena with it. Multiple times. The book was kind of slow-paced for me but Ridley/Link(totes adorbs) and some Liv moments almost made up for it.
717	adjudicated	2	This book is crazy. Also, the main character annoyed me, throughout the series yes, but even more so in this book. Like, really? She made THE SAME MISTAKE THREE TIMES. It was annoying.
718	adjudicated	2	4.5 since it dragged on a bit in the middle. Not my favorite book in the series, but still, Rick Riordan managed to take me, yet again, on another wonderful, magical journey. Yes, pun intended.
719	adjudicated	2	2.5 stars. This book was okay. The series overall was really disappointing...And Jesus Tobias and Tris were so annoying with their stupid angsty romance. Christ, they had sex like 5 times in this book...
720	adjudicated	2	3.5 stars. (I'm actually still unsure whether to rate this 3 or 4 stars but I'll just go with 4 for now, but honestly it really is 3.5) This book kind of dragged in the middle-end but other than that I was pretty invested. I mean, who isn't interested in romantic drama? Also, while I was reading this all I could think about is the fact that boys were just as much fuckboy-y in the early 19th century as they are today.
721	adjudicated	2	4.5 stars *sigh of content* Faith in Jennifer Brown restored. I LOVE Hate List but was EXTREMELY disappointed by Bitter End. Well, after reading this book, safe to say she has redeemed herself(at least in my eyes). This book was pretty predictable and the ending was open-ended but it was beautifully written and the journey was amazing! Learned a lot about OCD too!
722	adjudicated	2	The book that got me into PJ. This was my first Percy Jackson book that I read. I remember being at the library and wanting to find a book to read and seeing this book and remembering reading about how Percy Jackson was being made into a movie or something and deciding to read this book because of that. One of the best decisions I have ever made in my life. It introduced me to my favorite book series. Literally the next day, I was at a bookstore and I had my dad spend $100 on the box set without even knowing what the books were about (other than they were Percy Jackson) and having no idea whatsoever if I would even like it.
723	adjudicated	2	2nd readthrough: 3.5 stars. Every time I reread an Ellen Hopkins novel I notice something new about the formatting that I didn't notice before (or maybe I did notice but just didn't mention it?). For example, during my second read through of this book, about 3/4 of the way through, I realized (or re-realized?) that each of the 5 narrators have different formatting for their POV! How cool is that! It always amazes me how Ellen Hopkins can write books like these; it must take an insane amount of attention to detail.
724	adjudicated	2	The first time I read this I rated it 4 stars because before I read it my friends told me that people thought it wasn't as good as the previous books. Stupidly, I let others' opinions influence me before I even read it. I reread it a second time and it is  fucking brilliant .
725	adjudicated	2	Couldn't finish it. I was 5/6 of the way done with the book and I just had to put it down because it was so boring. Nothing exciting happened and I felt like the book was dragging.
726	adjudicated	2	Let me just say that before I read this book I liked to think of myself and neutral and leaning toward Team Unicorn...Now, post-reading of this book, it is safe to say that I am Team Zombie. The zombie stories were brilliant and excellent, the unicorn stories (with the exception of 2-3 stories) were just plain horrible and stupid.
727	adjudicated	2	"I feel like I would have appreciated this book even more if I read ""A Wrinkle in Time"" beforehand. Anyways, I wasn't really feeling the  time travel stuff   but everything else, the friendship/family dynamics were A+."
728	adjudicated	2	...disappointed at all the hype this book had but I guess it just wasn't the book for me. If I had to describe it in one word, PRETENTIOUS. Also, it didn't help that halfway through the book I was extremely bored and I had to FORCE myself to finish it...maybe I'm missing something?
729	adjudicated	2	a beautiful book, beautiful illustrations and a really nice story
730	adjudicated	2	I can't even begin to express how beautifully written this book is. I'd recommend it to everyone. (currently rereading it)
731	adjudicated	2	Although this book was not heart-touching or something, it was nice, just a fine read. I thought the end was a bit strange, when Madison claims to have stolen the diamonds. I mean, first she did not want her father in her life, then she loves him, and then he steals all those things, he lied to her, and she takes credit for it. That is not the Madison who wants all the fame .
732	adjudicated	2	This one is going back to my 'to-read' shelve, I will continue reading it when I have more time for it.
733	adjudicated	2	Really enjoyed this book! J.R.R. Tolkien is a really good story teller: his writing style is funny and doesn't bore you. I look forward to seeing the movie - it has a great cast and I already heard a lot of good things about it!
734	adjudicated	2	Excellent plot, shit writing. Geore R. R. Martin's metaphors are factually painful and he's so damned pleased with every outfit he's ever created he just can't WAIT to tell you all about it (in detail, frequently, and at inappropriate moments). Also, strangely obsessed with the breasts of a thirteen year old girl.
735	adjudicated	2	The only reason this is 2 stars instead of 1 star is part 4, which is really what the entire book was leading up to. That was the only reason I wanted to keep reading, everything else was pointless exposition.
736	adjudicated	2	I absolutely loved this! These are the socially conscious fairy tales we all need and deserve. Such a good collection and a perfect way to end my Miss Peregrine binge read.
737	adjudicated	2	One of the most beautiful, heartbreaking, thought-provoking books I have ever read hands down. Not much more I can say other than Syvia Plath is so important and she should be celebrated and honored for her voice and the mark she left on literature.
738	adjudicated	2	Completely loved the start to this series. It captivated me in a way that reminded me of when I first started the City of Bones series. I loved the characters and this magical world is like nothing I've ever read before. I can't wait to see where this story goes from here.
739	adjudicated	2	I didn't feel like this book was as strong as the first one, but there were still moments that blew me away. I'm not feeling attached to any characters yet but I think that might change soon.
740	adjudicated	2	My favorite installment so far! I'm so bad at writing reviews for later books in series but this book was amazing. It had me on the edge of my seat from start to finish and I've grown so attached to all of these characters. I'm so excited to read winter but at the same time I'm so not ready.
741	adjudicated	2	Loved this book. I'm just enjoying this whole world and these stories so much. There were so many brilliant and creative bits in this book that just really really made me appreciate Meyer as an author and a genius. I'm so excited to start Cress soon (and for more Thorne).
742	adjudicated	2	4.5 stars, just because I struggled so much with the beginning of this book and it took me a long time to get into it. Once I did get into it, however, I read the last 280 pages in one sitting!
743	adjudicated	2	This was a fantastic (yet heartbreaking) conclusion to my favorite duology. Leigh Bardugo proves that you don't need very many books to write a captivating and well-structured series. The ending was bittersweet but still completely satisfying.
744	adjudicated	2	J.K. Rowling will always amaze me and is my ultimate hero when it comes to writing. The fact that she can write from so many different personas and create so many unique creatures from nothing is extraordinary to me. I had so much fun reading this book.
745	adjudicated	2	I love Richelle Mead, but this book wasn't as good to me as her Vampire Academy and Bloodlines books. It might just be me-- I don't know if I've ever read a stand-alone dystopian book that I really got into. I prefer the character growth over the span of a series. But I liked the concept of the book and the characters, I just think you can always do so much more with the story if you have more books to work with.
746	adjudicated	2	Really excellent, I think this has been my favorite Shadowhunter Academy installment so far. It was very cute and brought in a lot of characters from The Mortal Instruments, which I always love to see. I think if you ship Malec you'll love this one
747	adjudicated	2	Ally Carter's newest series has everything typical of an Ally Carter book in the best way possible. Carter's books are always fun and full of strong female characters. I think that this series is a little more mature than some of her other series, but it could just be that she has grown as a writer. Overall a great plot and fun characters.
748	adjudicated	2	I read Delirium so many years ago and I can't believe that I didn't want to continue with the series at the time. I'm so glad that I decided to continue on with the series now! I appreciate Oliver's writing now more so than I did before, and I think that the whole concept of this series is absolutely beautiful. This was a great second book. I don't even mind the fact that there is a love triangle because it only seems fitting for a book about love and how it can hurt you, but is ultimately worth the pain. This is one of the best dystopian series around and I would highly recommend it!
749	adjudicated	2	I want to say this book is the final book in the series but I'm not 100% sure. I'm just going to assume it is because everything was wrapped up pretty nicely. Not bad as far as endings go. I often find myself highly unsatisfied by the endings to trilogies in YA books and this one wasn't too bad. And I liked the series as a whole. Now it's time to Netflix the TV series, although I think it's going to be really different from the books!
750	adjudicated	2	I didn't know how much I needed this reread until I started reading this book again. Fangirl is just one of those books that understands you, and I'm so happy that I could read this book as a junior in high school and a junior in college and love it for the same and for different reasons.
751	adjudicated	2	original rating: 5 stars new rating: 3 stars I had a lot more problems with the story and characters this time. It definitly would not be a favorite read if I read it now, but I did love it a lot when I initially read it.
752	adjudicated	2	A cross between Cormac McCarthy The Road and many a Stephen King novel, but not as interesting as either. The ennui wafts off the page like the smell of old cheese. You want to run from the bookstore where you are paging through this black hole of a novel and bolster your sense of purpose with a good hot cup of joe and the laughter of children.
753	adjudicated	2	Great conclusion to a great series! Rowling outdoes the Tolkien in the long forest fugitive scenes, and really packs a punch with the romance!
754	adjudicated	2	It only gets better as the suspense builds in this terrific, mysterious tale of possible double-crossing and virtuousness that delivers the best emotional mix of good versus evil on both a meta- and micro- scale since the Allies versus the Axis in the Second World War.
755	adjudicated	2	A delightful, highly readable stroll through the creation of the OED with some small asides to period London and surgeons in the Civil War. Good for leisurely summer reading.
756	adjudicated	2	"Muriel Spark is well out of the politically correct zone in this ""blame the victim"" novelette. In a he-said, she-said world, this is Exhibit Number One in the she-was-asking-for-it Defendant's bar."
757	adjudicated	2	Lemony Snicket delivers once again with this riveting mystery of dastardly plots, idiot guardians and resourceful and heroic children. My boys love this series.
758	adjudicated	2	"My sons laughed uproariously several times at this brilliant tale which elegantly combines a saddening death with brilliant wit and comedy. Lemony Snicket has the ticket! ""Blasted Furnaces of Hell!"""
759	adjudicated	2	"An excellent read for bedtime--much better than most--good new words and pithy explanations--and an interesting story to boot. My younger son is spellbound. and at the end of book 1 I asked him if I should get the next in the series .... ""yes!"" thanks Parenthetical!"
760	adjudicated	2	My three year old loved, LOVED, this book so much that afterwards we started role playing, with me as the Station Inspector and him as Hugo Cabret. Highly recommend.
761	adjudicated	2	A well written pot boiler with some interesting social commentary. The homeless former employees of the blue book factory was bittersweet. Well drawn main characters, who we all love to love and hate, in equal measure.
762	adjudicated	2	Starts out strong and powerful and going nowhere but then stretches into an interesting background on the main character's relationship with his father. Loved the car, the girlfriends, the excellent bit of writing on a tennis match. The main character has a wonderful line about life and trains, which I will not ruin for you.
763	adjudicated	2	I teared up when was reading this to my two sons, ages five and three, and recalling the only other time I encountered this book when my mother read it to my sisters and I in the dark of our dining room three blocks from the campus in 1969. Why did I want to read it to my own children when I only heard it read once at age six (or perhaps seven)? I did not remember. I only recalled that there was something in it, some spark of light that needed to be passed on to my children.
764	adjudicated	2	I stopped shortly after his parody of the Jewish professor, which left a bad taste. Perhaps I will try again some day.
765	adjudicated	2	Apologies to all the fans, but I felt like this book was shouting at me. Perhaps it was the fact that I was having to deal with a neighbor who was a member of an organized crime syndicate opposing the construction of my house, and I just needed something more comforting at the time.
766	adjudicated	2	Riveting! Even better than the movie or the Mad comics parody of the movie. It is a brilliant novelization of what surely must have a non-fiction, i.e., historical core. One can easily imagine wacky captains such as Captain Queeg, fading in and out of mono-mania, stern and petulant, crazed and bold.
767	adjudicated	2	Lost me after the sweaty, limestone dust filled rape scene
768	adjudicated	2	Most devastating lead in to the end of an affair that I have ever read. Captures like no other the fatalistic core of youthful love. Beautiful description of Taisho era Japanese aristocratic life.
769	adjudicated	2	Well written and brilliantly entertaining. The writing is light and the story moves forward, and she has a sharp wit. This is the best I have read (out of 3) of Austen.
770	adjudicated	2	This novel has a holy shit moment that rends. That and the writing is quite beautiful, almost poetic. A horrible, wonderfully written story about slavery, nostalgically set on the banks of a river in my home state. Worth reading.
771	adjudicated	2	A few choice words for a society rotting at its core. And Metexas has the gall to name his study group The Socrates Society-- check what Socrates means by an examined life, chucklehead.
772	adjudicated	2	For the description of the machine of capital alone in the early chapters this book is a stand out. And then later the scene in the farm store.
773	adjudicated	2	Wonderful period description of what it was like for British traveling to South America. One of the best descriptions of a fever I have ever read.
774	adjudicated	2	"""I had seen nothing sacred, and the things that were glorious had no glory and the sacrifices were like the stockyards at Chicago if nothing was done with the meat except to bury it. There were many words that you could not stand to hear and finally only the names of places had dignity."""
775	adjudicated	2	Stendhal held that politics in a work of art is like shooting at gun in a theater. Well, I hate to disappoint you, Stenny, but my counterpoint is exhibit A, Citizen Kane, and b is Roth's Our Gang. Exhibit C is Black Swan Green, D is Apocalypse Now, E is The Quiet American, and F is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. I could go on, but I think the point is made.
776	adjudicated	2	A mid-level banker is put through a hellish trial in some bureaucratic attic. But his bosses get off scot-free. Of course, there were never any clear charges, and there is never an arrest. And then there is some dream, was it, about the guard of the door to the wonderful room, and he was afraid to go in--thought he couldn't get past the guard ... I am sorry, I am not expressing myself well here. What I want to say is that there are layers upon layers of meaning here, and plenty of food for thought.
777	adjudicated	2	The rape (its Oates, so no surprise) of a high school daughter breaks this family apart, but then they heal in odd, disfigured ways. Good description of the exteriors and interiors of a rural society like the one I grew up in.
778	adjudicated	2	Like reviewing a piece by Mozart. Who am I to judge? This prose is poetry in motion.
779	adjudicated	2	The same scene told from different view points, steam of consciousness writing, all linking together. Like an LSD trip--really takes you away. Read it late at night sipping a little something.
780	adjudicated	2	What a heroine! I could not put this down! Distilled amorallity wrapped up in beauty, a desire for material goods. No, I guess things can not make you happy, but maybe you don't even care.
781	adjudicated	2	I had early given it two stars because of the style of writing. Should have given it a three, because I did like it, and it deserves more for sheer originality--something that is hard to keep in mind after so much time has passed. But this is an ur-text.
782	adjudicated	2	"This idiot is a true idiot, in the style of a sort of warmed over Jesus type, but incanting a sort of ""can't we all get along?"" refrain while pining over a girl of questionable morals (for the day) and plotting against a rival. Many funny moments, which keep it going."
783	adjudicated	2	The populist plot summary/marketing plug for this book on the back cover was laughable. There is not much of a plot, but it has internal suffering galore. And a menacing interview with the detective on the case half way through which had all the power of the really old Colombo episodes--the ones done by Steven Spielberg. If you have a conscience, you should enjoy this.
784	adjudicated	2	God is truly in the details with the life and love that shimmers off the pages of your work of art. Rest In Peace, David.
785	adjudicated	2	Great introduction of this world I've been a JLA fan for several years, but somehow never got around to reading this series. After this prequel I'm ready to dive in. I really loved Jas as a character and found her very relatable.
786	adjudicated	2	Wow. This book left me feeling utterly wrecked and hopelessly blessed. Full review to come.
787	adjudicated	2	I liked Obsidian, but Onyx was definitely better! At times I was really annoyed with the storyline, and how Katy was ignoring everyone for Blake, but otherwise, no complaints. The cliffhanger was big, so of course I'm looking forward to reading the next one.
788	adjudicated	2	Listened to audiobook. Told from the husband's perspective, the book was uncomfortable to listen to, and would also, I think, be equally uncomfortable to read. Points given for creativity, though, because similar plot lines have been narrated from the wife's point of view.
789	adjudicated	2	Listened to audiobook. Characters are flat and predictable. The writing is uneven and uninspired. While I'm certain this shouldn't bother me as much as it did, what teenager today is named 'Olive'? I felt that every plot point was dealt with superficially, and there were so, so many. Including fewer and explorIng them in more depth might have enhanced the novel.
790	adjudicated	2	Listened to audiobook. This story is told in reverse. The plot seemed insubstantial and characters were flat. Not a satisfying read for me.
791	adjudicated	2	Listened to audiobook. The narrator's voice was not a good match, for me, for this type of book. Great plotting. Renee Ballard is a complex and intriguing character.
792	adjudicated	2	An unoriginal story line, poorly written with a predictable outcome. Switching back and forth in time every few pages, at the beginning of the novel and again at the end, were also annoying to me. One more of the far-too-many-already crime novels based on violence against women.
793	adjudicated	2	The problems with this book have been articulately expressed in many reviews. I decided the best way to reach my goal in a reading challenge was to listen to this on eAudiobook. This was a mistake on my part. Ariadne Meyers, narrator for Violet, does a creditable job; Kirby Heyborne, narrator for Finch, sounds far older than a 17 year old and as though this is not an audiobook, but a stage performance of incredible import.
794	adjudicated	2	I was really looking forward to this because I needed a good scare and it's been a long since I'd read a good horror novel. Maybe it's just me, but I wasn't frightened in the least. The story was not bad at all but I didn't really get what I wanted from this book.
795	adjudicated	1	Recommended by Don Katz. Avail for free in December: http://www.audible.com/mt/ellison2?so...
796	adjudicated	1	Recommended by David Risher
797	adjudicated	1	This sounds awesome.
798	adjudicated	1	Loved this book.
799	adjudicated	1	On loan to Diana Sonn
800	adjudicated	1	I would hate to have to see the movie without having read it first...
801	adjudicated	1	A quick read, and probably better than  The Da Vinci Code.
802	adjudicated	1	Well if Melanie says its her BBE, I gotta check it out...
803	adjudicated	1	If steve recommends it, it must be good!
804	adjudicated	1	Maybe it was just not a good time, but I couldn't get through it... I loved  Of Mice And Men though.
805	adjudicated	1	A friend of Elizabeth's I met at a party said its a great primer to understanding philosophy...
806	adjudicated	1	I loved this book. I agree with Elizabeth - the movie wasn't close. Something about Nicholas Cage trying to do an italian accent?
807	adjudicated	1	Listened it on tape on a road trip... thoroughly enjoyed it!
808	adjudicated	1	This is the best harry potter book so far, followed closely by book 6.
809	adjudicated	1	Very rough, action-packed, and super-sexy! Review to follow.
810	adjudicated	1	3.5 - 4 stars - full review to come.
811	adjudicated	1	"""Loving or warring, it always felt good with her. Although loving was better, because I got to sleep over."" Fantastic addition to Tate and Jared's story! Full review to come."
812	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars!! LOVED this one. And the ending...what??! Great story, could not put this one down. Highly recommended.
813	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars! Wow. This book will stay with me for a very long time. Full review to come.
814	adjudicated	1	3.5 - 4 stars!! Review to follow for blog tour.
815	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars!! Delicious M/M contemporary romance with absolutely fantastic, VERY Alpha protagonists. Review to follow shortly.
816	adjudicated	1	Deviant, dark and delicious!! I need more Fiona and Deacon as soon as possible. Full review to follow.
817	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars!! Review to follow on release day.
818	adjudicated	1	Review to follow.
819	adjudicated	1	Good debut from this author. Review to come!
820	adjudicated	1	For Cathy's review and an excerpt from the book, go to The Book Bellas
821	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars, review to follow
822	adjudicated	1	Epic finale! A must-read. Review to follow on release day.
823	adjudicated	1	Review to follow
824	adjudicated	1	Hot and sexy! Review to follow on blog tour.
825	adjudicated	1	4.5/5 stars! Great rocker romance. Full review to follow. ARC supplied by New GalleyLickKylie Scott
826	adjudicated	1	***6 stars!! *** Full review to come. This is a must-read!
827	adjudicated	1	"""I bet he f**ks like he drives - a little reckless, pushing all the limits, and in it until the very last lap."" Driven absolutely blew me away! Full review at http://www.thebookbella.com/2013/07/1... DrivenK. Bromberg"
828	adjudicated	1	Review coming soon!
829	adjudicated	1	Read this book. End of. Full review to follow shortly.This Man ConfessedJodi Ellen Malpas
830	adjudicated	1	Breathtaking!! Full review on May 28th.
831	adjudicated	1	Sexy biker book with a twist (or two!) Review to follow.
832	adjudicated	1	Wonderful book! Full review to follow
833	adjudicated	1	Nice and angsty! Sexy and very emotional story. Team Ash all the way. But I have a soft spot for Mason!
834	adjudicated	1	4 1/2 stars, a beautifully written book. Full review to follow.
835	adjudicated	1	Review to follow.
836	adjudicated	1	Review to follow! Love Bren and Six.
837	adjudicated	1	4 1/2 stars, what an emotional roller coaster of a book! Not what I expected! Full review to follow.
838	adjudicated	1	Hot and steamy. Review to follow..
839	adjudicated	1	Magnificent! Review to follow closer to release day.
840	adjudicated	1	4 1/2 D/s stars! With a suspenseful plotline!
841	adjudicated	1	Stunning book. Very emotional. Full review to follow. Be prepared to stay up until 4am reading!
842	adjudicated	1	Put this on your list of must reads ASAP. One of my top 5 of 2012. I don't write long reviews but suffice it to say I was up until 3AM finishing this book. Andrew Parrish is my new book boyfriend. Oh, and did I mention the sex is HOT? Beautiful beautiful story.
843	adjudicated	1	A beautiful romance! I read this in 1 day, could not stop reading until I finished Lauren and Caden's story. The sex scenes left me breathless and the story had my heart in its clutches! A must read!
844	adjudicated	1	Review to follow
845	adjudicated	1	Read. This. Book.
846	adjudicated	1	Holy hell. What a ride. My heart was ripped out a couple of times during this book. Madeline Sheehan has left me absolutely speechless. I will post a review after I think about this book for a while. A must-read!
847	adjudicated	1	Fantastic book, couldn't put it down. Hot alpha male, great story and characters! One of the best books of 2012. Can't wait for Book 2.
848	adjudicated	1	6 stars!! I'm DEAD. Full review to come after Release Day, May 14th. Eyes Wide OpenRaine Miller
849	adjudicated	1	One of the best books I have read, not to be missed. Great story and characters. And it's hot
850	adjudicated	1	Amazing book. A must-read.
851	adjudicated	1	A must-read. Great characters, story and writing.
852	adjudicated	1	Love love love this book. A must-read.
853	adjudicated	1	Great book. A must-read.
854	adjudicated	1	This book is not only HOT it has a good story!
855	adjudicated	1	Fantastic book. Couldn't put it down. Ranks up there with Bared to You, Gabriel's Inferno and 50 Shades. You will not be disappointed.
856	adjudicated	1	GREAT BOOK. A MUST- READ!
857	adjudicated	1	Loved this, loved Knight, but not as much of a detailed story as her other books. Read this one first but like Motorcycle Man better.
858	adjudicated	1	OMG can't put it down. Great story
859	adjudicated	1	Can't put it down, re-read it three times
860	adjudicated	1	Great Book!! Too short for my liking... but definitely prepare the tissue box near you when you start reading.
861	adjudicated	1	great read...
862	adjudicated	1	"What an ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL STORY!!!! I have not yet fully recovered my SOB FEST therefore I am not able to give a full review at this time. But I will leave you with one very important suggestion before you pick up this book (which you definitely should) and that is GET TISSUES my friend, you will need it!! "" Jules, Will you Marry me...Someday?"" FUll review Coming Soon..."
863	adjudicated	1	Review coming soon...
864	adjudicated	1	Review to come soon...
865	adjudicated	1	Review Coming soon...
866	adjudicated	1	Review to come soon...
867	adjudicated	1	Review Coming Soon...
868	adjudicated	1	Review to come soon....
869	adjudicated	1	Review to come soon...
870	adjudicated	1	Review to Come soon...
871	adjudicated	1	Review to Come soon...
872	adjudicated	1	CUTE
873	adjudicated	1	Fun read! But I must say... with that ending, there better be another book coming soon!
874	adjudicated	1	Adorable funny story
875	adjudicated	1	AWESOME READ!!! Full Review to come....
876	adjudicated	1	Review to come soon...
877	adjudicated	1	Review to come soon...
878	adjudicated	1	What an adorable read!!! (Review Coming Soon)
879	adjudicated	1	LOVED IT!!!!
880	adjudicated	1	AWESOME READ!! FULL REVIEW TO COME
881	adjudicated	1	Another awesome KA read! I just can't seem to get enough!! I wish the book was longer because I wanted more of Hop and Lanie.
882	adjudicated	1	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING IN A WAY ONLY KA CAN!! Full Review to come!
883	adjudicated	1	Absolutely loved it!!!!!! Hello O lol .... Priceless ;)
884	adjudicated	1	Simply AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! Once again Colleen Hoover's love stories leave me speechless and emotional. AWESOME READ!
885	adjudicated	1	two words... Absolutely Adorable!!! The love story of Hunter and Taylor was very entertaining and a great read.Simply an awesome Read!
886	adjudicated	1	Ok soooo I was absolutely thrilled and so incredibly sad to read this book! Trilled because I LOVED and MISSED the Rock Chicks and Hot Bunch, but Extremely sad to see the series end. Review to come...
887	adjudicated	1	Darker than her other books.
888	adjudicated	1	I liked it well enough to want to read the other two.
889	adjudicated	1	The book is more of a challenge than I have time for right now. It has come due at the library and I cannot renew it. I'll try again later.
890	adjudicated	1	"It has been a long time since I've read a ""dear reader"" style narrative. I found it annoying. But I did want to know who would get the credit for creating the black tulip. That plus it being a group read kept me reading. At least I'd been forewarned not to look for realism."
891	adjudicated	1	That was seriously the shortest yet cutest book I have ever read.
892	adjudicated	1	And then all of a sudden im for team will. 4.5/5 bc. I wanted more fight scenes :O jem djjqjjujnfhe but will is so s weet omg
893	adjudicated	1	It's a must read. If you're the type of person who wasn't compelled to finish the Mortal Instruments, this book will bring justice.
894	adjudicated	1	First Neil Gaiman read
895	adjudicated	1	"""He's hot."" Oh my gosh, hahahahaha. 2 stars cause ""it was ok' This book was a fast read and it wasn't really that interesting."
896	adjudicated	1	I want the book now March 18, 2013: The cover is gorg!
897	adjudicated	1	charlie is such a cutie.
898	adjudicated	1	I FINISHED IT!!!!! THAT WAS A HAPPY ENDING
899	adjudicated	1	April 17, 2014 : Wow that suspense update : April 12, 2014: After 2 years, I'm going to try this book again, now that the trilogy just ended a few days ago. I hope I'll like it more and maybe I'll also get into it. (Probably because I was 12 years old when I was trying to read this...too young.) this book wasn't my type of genre, i suppose ... i got bored, but it did seem interesting and i hope i'll try to read it again.
900	adjudicated	1	2 stars because --
901	adjudicated	1	Perfect perfect just perfect EVERYONE LOVES FINNICK AND JOHANNA!
902	adjudicated	1	I'm going to read this to finish up my dypstopian book challenge for 2013 but before I even open the book I'm going to predict, right now, that Ky is the person Cassia ends up with.
903	adjudicated	1	3.5stars. Not as good as the first one until the middle end of the book but still good none the less. The ending is just as vague and infuriating though (although that could be me just being dramatic).
904	adjudicated	1	Markus Zusak made a post about how he enjoyed this book...must check it out now!
905	adjudicated	1	Jeeze, this book was one heck of a ride. 4 stars because there were parts that just seemed to drag along.
906	adjudicated	1	Stopped reading this at page 91. I don't know if it's just the mood I'm in or what, but I could not get into this at all. Disappointing.
907	adjudicated	1	Digging the cover. Might check this book out.
908	adjudicated	1	Did someone say steam punk? Count me in.
909	adjudicated	1	Umm wow. I haven't enjoyed a short story this much since The Audition...Okay, this definitely attracted my attention.
910	adjudicated	1	2.5 stars. The movie would definitely give me nightmares.
911	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars. Man, this book can be pretty depressing...
912	adjudicated	1	I loved it. But I think that's because I watched the movie a day before I read the book. Watching the movie beforehand helped me appreciate the novella. And Audrey Hepburn <3.
913	adjudicated	1	I love a good mythology book.
914	adjudicated	1	Eh. Took me about a month to read this. Honestly, I was sort of uninterested. It MIGHT have been because I'd just finish playing the Last of Us. Quite frankly, I think that the story works better in video game form.
915	adjudicated	1	Hmm...Tilt, then Triangle and now maybe Tangled?
916	adjudicated	1	"props to whoever designed these covers 'cause honestly, I'm in love...with the covers that is. Also maybe this series :). Usually I get sick of that cliche ""love triumphs over all"" kind of romance but I think I'm o.k. when it comes to this series."
917	adjudicated	1	Love the show on Netflix, hopefully the book will be good too.
918	adjudicated	1	So much happened in this book.
919	adjudicated	1	UGH. 2018 release date?? WHY. SO CHAOL CAN GET HIS OWN BOOK? I'm obviously the only one here, but I give zero fucks about Chaol. He's such an asshole.
920	adjudicated	1	Really strong debut book. It never got boring and I can't wait for McGinnis' next book.
921	adjudicated	1	"Cover reminds me of that stock photo that was used as ""Tali's Face"" from ME3"
922	adjudicated	1	Read this years ago but I'm pretty sure I cried at the ending...
923	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars. Man, can this guy write.
924	adjudicated	1	I want to read this book, especially since I heard the second book is even better, but I just saw that Sarah J. Maas is turning this into a 6-book series instead of a trilogy and the last book is slated for release in 2020... I'm gonna wait a bit because I'm sure it'll be torture to wait.
925	adjudicated	1	Man, oh man. I don't even know what to say about this book. So many things...
926	adjudicated	1	This is why kids don't like to read.
927	adjudicated	1	First read this freshman year of high school, and just read it again for my writing class 2nd year of college.
928	adjudicated	1	One of the best books in the series I think.
929	adjudicated	1	This one definitely wasn't as good as the second one. Not much happened, really.
930	adjudicated	1	2020..DAFUQ? I'll have graduated college by then and probably have a career...Actually, my main concern is that he might die before he finishes the series...
931	adjudicated	1	I guess I read this but I never rated it? Oh well, until I reread it I'll just give it 3 stars. Original release date is the 27th but I bought it today? What....?
932	adjudicated	1	Dat Cover Tho.
933	adjudicated	1	Not worth anywhere near $2. I say it should've been free. Anyways, I adore Ridley and Link and I may ship them more than Ethan and Lena now...
934	adjudicated	1	Just bought this book. Bout to read it (in a couple months...) LEGGO!
935	adjudicated	1	Hate the cover...
936	adjudicated	1	Oh my gosh. Ugh my heart. Rick Riordan you did it again.
937	adjudicated	1	I feel as though I should re-read this...maybe soon?
938	adjudicated	1	This was much better than the first one.
939	adjudicated	1	I loved this book. There simply isn't any way I could write a review that would sum up my feelings.
940	adjudicated	1	Expected a light, easy read and I got just that. And so much more...
941	adjudicated	1	I guess I didn't track this on goodreads when I first read this so I'll just rate it 3 stars, but I have to reread it.
942	adjudicated	1	Probably one of the WORST books I have ever read...EVER.
943	adjudicated	1	Kind of sad this is the last book in the VA universe but alas, all good things must come to an end. I really enjoyed this ride. Also, what is it with authors  always bringing back a villain that's supposed to have died or be done with? I mean, it happened in the TMI and a bunch of other works. Just curious.
944	adjudicated	1	There's just  something  that prevents the books in this series from getting 5 stars...
945	adjudicated	1	Well, tried to re-read it and couldn't finish. Guess I'll have to try again later.
946	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars. Slow at times but still a great read.
947	adjudicated	1	God this novella is depressing...I have to say, I totally saw this coming (although maybe not the gruesome parts)
948	adjudicated	1	"I like to call this book the ""mind fuck"" book..."
949	adjudicated	1	I remember reading this in 5th grade...I shall re-read it one day
950	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars. The ending kind of reminded me of Lord of the Flies...
951	adjudicated	1	It's 3 in the morning and I'm happy/sad crying. I love this book.
952	adjudicated	1	Aww fluffyness level= max. Oh, and the protagonist has some raging hormones...
953	adjudicated	1	Favorite book in the series.
954	adjudicated	1	Hey! No pointless love triangle? YES PLEASE! :D
955	adjudicated	1	R.I.P. Ms. Harper Lee, Feb. Thank you for writing one of the great American novels.
956	adjudicated	1	I didn't like it as much as the other Percy Jackson/Heroes of Olympus books, but still it was an easy and enjoyable read.
957	adjudicated	1	2 or 3 stars the book couldn't really capture my attention although the story wasn't boring. (I only read The Turn of the Screw, not The Aspern Papers).
958	adjudicated	1	Should have read it in English, but I couldn't find that version on my e-reader so I just read this version.
959	adjudicated	1	I have the Dutch and English book now :) really liked it
960	adjudicated	1	I am rereading the HP serie, this time round I'm reading the English versions.
961	adjudicated	1	Unfortunately, I haven't gotten to read (all) of this book yet. But if it's not even out yet and pissing off white supremacists, you know it's going to be amazing. Get your preorders in now.
962	adjudicated	1	Review will be on Boxers as soon as I'm finished.
963	adjudicated	1	A reread, but always enjoyable.
964	adjudicated	1	Read for class
965	adjudicated	1	I just love Amy Poehler so much
966	adjudicated	1	This book was GORGEOUS
967	adjudicated	1	There are no words. There will never be sufficient words ever again.
968	adjudicated	1	This book is a masterpiece
969	adjudicated	1	This was the perfect ending to an amazing series. Not much else I can say but that.
970	adjudicated	1	I think I might have enjoyed this book even more the second time around. I'm even more excited for The Rose and the Dagger to come out on Tuesday now, and I didn't think that was possible.
971	adjudicated	1	3.5 or 3.75
972	adjudicated	1	Re-read the illustrated edition and completely loved it. Can't wait for the prisoner of azkaban to come out illustrated next year so I can continue the christmas re-reading tradition
973	adjudicated	1	very well written ... more later
974	adjudicated	1	The lesson here is that you cannot know whether you like something unless you try it. Some senators are not as smart as they think they are.
975	adjudicated	1	My oldest child is five. In a few years he will be able to write as well as Dan Brown.
976	adjudicated	1	Think hard.
977	adjudicated	1	It is beautiful. I got lost among the flora, but do hope to take this up again some day when the kids are quieter, and the pace of life is slower.
978	adjudicated	1	The sentences, they are beautiful.
979	adjudicated	1	I NEED this book like yesterday! Can't wait for this.
980	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars Listened to audiobook.
981	adjudicated	1	Listened to audiobook.
982	adjudicated	1	Listened to audiobook.
983	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars Listened to audiobook.
984	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars Listened to audiobook.
985	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars Listened to audiobook.
986	adjudicated	1	Listened to audiobook.
987	adjudicated	1	Listened to audiobook.
988	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars Review to follow.
989	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars Strained credulity.
990	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars Listened to audiobook.
991	adjudicated	1	Listened to audiobook.
992	adjudicated	1	Listened to aufiobook.
993	adjudicated	1	Listened to audiobook.
994	adjudicated	1	Listened to audiobook.
995	adjudicated	1	Notes to follow.
996	adjudicated	1	Read ISBN13 as noted above: 978-0-06-241421-2. 353 pages.
997	adjudicated	1	Listened to audiobook.
998	adjudicated	1	4.5 stars Note: Hardback edition read. 359 pages.
999	adjudicated	1	Remarks to follow.
1000	adjudicated	1	Would be very interesting to reread, especially after rereading The Great Gatsby.
1001	adjudicated	1	I have a problem with this book being categorized as Young Adult Fiction because of numerous adult themes.
1002	adjudicated	1	Rating: 4.5 stars I'm so glad this has a sequel.
1003	adjudicated	1	Absolutely loved it.
