0	stalebi	4	Up until reading Hunger Games, this was my all-time favorite book. It is still a completely different genre, being entirely fantasy in every way. The author writes so beautifully I could close my eyes and picture everything she described, and the way the tale wove through all three books was perfect. I have read this book over and over again, never tiring of it.
0	zhossainzadeh	3	Up until reading Hunger Games, this was my all-time favorite book. It is still a completely different genre, being entirely fantasy in every way. The author writes so beautifully I could close my eyes and picture everything she described, and the way the tale wove through all three books was perfect. I have read this book over and over again, never tiring of it.
1	stalebi	4	I read this book before watching the movie (thank goodness, the movie was awful), and I enjoyed it immensely. The science and suspense were woven together in an exotic place to form a book that I look forward to reading again someday. I read it a long time ago, and though I can't remember details from it, I do recall being completely absorbed in it and left with some creepy imagery. I'm curious to see if it will be the same the second time around.
1	zhossainzadeh	3	I read this book before watching the movie (thank goodness, the movie was awful), and I enjoyed it immensely. The science and suspense were woven together in an exotic place to form a book that I look forward to reading again someday. I read it a long time ago, and though I can't remember details from it, I do recall being completely absorbed in it and left with some creepy imagery. I'm curious to see if it will be the same the second time around.
2	stalebi	4	In a way I never expected it, this topped the first book. My eyes are so sore of crying now and my heart feels like it has been ripped from my chest. Lucien being my favorite in the first book has been replaced by Arziel and Cassian although I do have a lot of love for Rhys too. I just love my Illyrian boys. Although I am physically sore from reading this book, I haven't read such an awesome story in years. Definitely recommend this book to any and every YA reader
2	zhossainzadeh	3	In a way I never expected it, this topped the first book. My eyes are so sore of crying now and my heart feels like it has been ripped from my chest. Lucien being my favorite in the first book has been replaced by Arziel and Cassian although I do have a lot of love for Rhys too. I just love my Illyrian boys. Although I am physically sore from reading this book, I haven't read such an awesome story in years. Definitely recommend this book to any and every YA reader
3	stalebi	4	This is an excellent story. It picks up the Outlander epic and turns it into legend. To brave the stones and fate to rekindle a love separated by centuries, Claire proves her valor and regains her heart. Not to be missed.
3	zhossainzadeh	3	This is an excellent story. It picks up the Outlander epic and turns it into legend. To brave the stones and fate to rekindle a love separated by centuries, Claire proves her valor and regains her heart. Not to be missed.
4	stalebi	4	Like Ismae, the protagonist of Grave Mercy, Sybella is a great character to build a story around. Her tragic back story, her mission, her various interpersonal relationships (familial, professional, platonic and romantic), all compelling stuff. This undeniably fascinating character is stranded in a pretty thin and slowly paced plot however. Plot-wise there just isn't a lot of meat to this story. This volume is definitely still worth reading but it is a step down in quality from Grave Mercy for that reason.
4	zhossainzadeh	3	Like Ismae, the protagonist of Grave Mercy, Sybella is a great character to build a story around. Her tragic back story, her mission, her various interpersonal relationships (familial, professional, platonic and romantic), all compelling stuff. This undeniably fascinating character is stranded in a pretty thin and slowly paced plot however. Plot-wise there just isn't a lot of meat to this story. This volume is definitely still worth reading but it is a step down in quality from Grave Mercy for that reason.
5	stalebi	4	Awesome as usually the case with this author. What I loved most about this book was how morally complex it was. As terrible as North Carolina's eugenics program was, I can see how even well intentioned people could have designed and implemented it. Chamberlain eschewed melodrama and avoided painting characters as two-dimensional heroes and villains. She did a great job creating distinctive narrative voices for Ivy and Jane as well. Pretty much impossible to put down once you start.
5	zhossainzadeh	3	Awesome as usually the case with this author. What I loved most about this book was how morally complex it was. As terrible as North Carolina's eugenics program was, I can see how even well intentioned people could have designed and implemented it. Chamberlain eschewed melodrama and avoided painting characters as two-dimensional heroes and villains. She did a great job creating distinctive narrative voices for Ivy and Jane as well. Pretty much impossible to put down once you start.
6	stalebi	4	Provided you're willing to accept the artificiality of this book's implausible plot and hyper stylized, show-offy prose, this is a really fun read. It's creative and engrossing and anchored by a great protagonist in Blue. Pessl's distinctive writing style also largely worked for me. Her constant stream of references, parenthetical asides, and lengthy, colorful descriptions will definitely not be to everyone's taste but I found this witty and well crafted for the most part.
6	zhossainzadeh	3	Provided you're willing to accept the artificiality of this book's implausible plot and hyper stylized, show-offy prose, this is a really fun read. It's creative and engrossing and anchored by a great protagonist in Blue. Pessl's distinctive writing style also largely worked for me. Her constant stream of references, parenthetical asides, and lengthy, colorful descriptions will definitely not be to everyone's taste but I found this witty and well crafted for the most part.
7	zhossainzadeh	3	I have to say, this is most definitely my least favorite book so far from Kresley Cole. Ethan bordered on unredeemable and for the very first time, I actually believed the heroine could have done better. One of the things I like most about this author is that she dares to make her hero(s) very dark, making their redemption that much more romantic and dramatic, but in this book, I just didn't believe it. The reviews for this book were so high that I fought through to the end, but I feel I must be missing something. What did everyone else read that I didn't?
7	stalebi	4	I have to say, this is most definitely my least favorite book so far from Kresley Cole. Ethan bordered on unredeemable and for the very first time, I actually believed the heroine could have done better. One of the things I like most about this author is that she dares to make her hero(s) very dark, making their redemption that much more romantic and dramatic, but in this book, I just didn't believe it. The reviews for this book were so high that I fought through to the end, but I feel I must be missing something. What did everyone else read that I didn't?
8	zhossainzadeh	3	Fascinating, frightening, enjoyable, and much better than the movie! One of the greatest things about Clive Barker is that no two books of his read the same, they are all truly original and so different. If not for the advertised fact, I wouldn't know that the same man who wrote The Abarat wrote Mister B. Gone and any of his others. It seems the main thing they have in common is their fantastic consistent quality. I definitely count him among my favorite authors.
8	stalebi	4	Fascinating, frightening, enjoyable, and much better than the movie! One of the greatest things about Clive Barker is that no two books of his read the same, they are all truly original and so different. If not for the advertised fact, I wouldn't know that the same man who wrote The Abarat wrote Mister B. Gone and any of his others. It seems the main thing they have in common is their fantastic consistent quality. I definitely count him among my favorite authors.
9	zhossainzadeh	3	"I love the study series, I really do, but five books in, not only am I questioning how often the characters get captured, but so are they! It's starting to get a bit repetitive in that respect. The Yelena/Valek scenes still get me right in the feels though and I really enjoyed the minor arc where Valek's past catches up to him and the ensuing plot twist that results. This feels very much like a ""second of a trilogy"" book - it's building to something huge and almost epic in the third, setting up some very high expectations. I'm desperately hoping Snyder can pull off what's needed for the scope of the conflict and still resolve everything in a satisfying way. As much as I love the characters and the world in the Study and Glass series, I would love to see Snyder turn her talents to something new after she finishes Dawn Study."
9	stalebi	4	"I love the study series, I really do, but five books in, not only am I questioning how often the characters get captured, but so are they! It's starting to get a bit repetitive in that respect. The Yelena/Valek scenes still get me right in the feels though and I really enjoyed the minor arc where Valek's past catches up to him and the ensuing plot twist that results. This feels very much like a ""second of a trilogy"" book - it's building to something huge and almost epic in the third, setting up some very high expectations. I'm desperately hoping Snyder can pull off what's needed for the scope of the conflict and still resolve everything in a satisfying way. As much as I love the characters and the world in the Study and Glass series, I would love to see Snyder turn her talents to something new after she finishes Dawn Study."
10	zhossainzadeh	3	"I enjoyed this story much more than I anticipated. I'd been avoiding reading it since it came out because I thought the premise sounded a bit hokey, even for Sophie Kinsella. After reading the horrible excuse for a book that ""Wedding Night"" is though, I figured Twenties Girl couldn't possibly be any worse, but was very pleasantly surprised! Lara and Sadie played really well off each other and the relationship they developed felt real. Many times in Kinsella's novels, it feel like the romantic comes off as the the most important aspect in the end, but the relationship between Lara and Sadie really took centre stage, I thought. I really enjoyed Twenties Girl and only wish I'd given it a chance sooner."
10	stalebi	4	"I enjoyed this story much more than I anticipated. I'd been avoiding reading it since it came out because I thought the premise sounded a bit hokey, even for Sophie Kinsella. After reading the horrible excuse for a book that ""Wedding Night"" is though, I figured Twenties Girl couldn't possibly be any worse, but was very pleasantly surprised! Lara and Sadie played really well off each other and the relationship they developed felt real. Many times in Kinsella's novels, it feel like the romantic comes off as the the most important aspect in the end, but the relationship between Lara and Sadie really took centre stage, I thought. I really enjoyed Twenties Girl and only wish I'd given it a chance sooner."
11	stalebi	4	So Sarah Addison Allen took the plot of Practical Magic and threw in a couple reruns of Dallas for good measure. That in itself is no reason to denigrate this book; after all, Chaucer and Shakespeare stole all their plots and what mattered was how they were able to make the stories their own. Unfortunately, Allen is no Chaucer or Shakespeare, and she could have used an editor to help straighten out some of the logical errors she and her characters make throughout the course of the book. (For example, Evanelle is 79 years old, and we're told she was married for 38 years and has been a widow for 30. I guess that means she got married at age 11, huh?) There's nothing odious about this book, but it was sloppy and just not that interesting.
11	zhossainzadeh	3	So Sarah Addison Allen took the plot of Practical Magic and threw in a couple reruns of Dallas for good measure. That in itself is no reason to denigrate this book; after all, Chaucer and Shakespeare stole all their plots and what mattered was how they were able to make the stories their own. Unfortunately, Allen is no Chaucer or Shakespeare, and she could have used an editor to help straighten out some of the logical errors she and her characters make throughout the course of the book. (For example, Evanelle is 79 years old, and we're told she was married for 38 years and has been a widow for 30. I guess that means she got married at age 11, huh?) There's nothing odious about this book, but it was sloppy and just not that interesting.
12	stalebi	4	4.5 stars! Block out some time and get comfortable, because Behind Her Eyes is the kind of thriller that you'll want to read in one sitting- and then maybe read again as you come to terms with the shocking twists and clever stylings of Pinborough's creation. Even veteran suspense fans will be surprised while they shadow slightly depressed single mother Louise as she finds herself drawn into the unsettling marriage dynamics between handsome David and secretive Adele. #WTFthatending indeed! Thank you to Macmillan and St. Martin's Press for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
12	zhossainzadeh	3	4.5 stars! Block out some time and get comfortable, because Behind Her Eyes is the kind of thriller that you'll want to read in one sitting- and then maybe read again as you come to terms with the shocking twists and clever stylings of Pinborough's creation. Even veteran suspense fans will be surprised while they shadow slightly depressed single mother Louise as she finds herself drawn into the unsettling marriage dynamics between handsome David and secretive Adele. #WTFthatending indeed! Thank you to Macmillan and St. Martin's Press for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
13	stalebi	4	In a thriller reminiscent of a Hitchcock classic, a young woman traveling on a small but luxurious cruise ship believes that she has witnessed a murder, but with no proof and all passengers accounted for, her accusation- and her sanity- is called into question. Has someone been murdered, or is Lo losing her mind? This well-crafted novel was slyly engaging- at first I had a hard time connecting with the main character, but before I realized it I was completely on her side and was hoping that seeking justice for a complete stranger would not be her last act.
13	zhossainzadeh	3	In a thriller reminiscent of a Hitchcock classic, a young woman traveling on a small but luxurious cruise ship believes that she has witnessed a murder, but with no proof and all passengers accounted for, her accusation- and her sanity- is called into question. Has someone been murdered, or is Lo losing her mind? This well-crafted novel was slyly engaging- at first I had a hard time connecting with the main character, but before I realized it I was completely on her side and was hoping that seeking justice for a complete stranger would not be her last act.
14	stalebi	4	I await each new Liane Moriarty book with heightened anticipation- and her latest does not disappoint. Truly Madly Guilty was an engaging story filled with humor, tragedy, angst, envy, secrets, and more. Reading this novel is like being privy to juicy gossip whispered across a white picket fence- irresistible. Spread the word: this is a story that should not be missed! This novel was obtained from the publisher in exchange for an honest review.
14	zhossainzadeh	2	I await each new Liane Moriarty book with heightened anticipation- and her latest does not disappoint. Truly Madly Guilty was an engaging story filled with humor, tragedy, angst, envy, secrets, and more. Reading this novel is like being privy to juicy gossip whispered across a white picket fence- irresistible. Spread the word: this is a story that should not be missed! This novel was obtained from the publisher in exchange for an honest review.
15	zhossainzadeh	3	Gothic atmosphere meets tender romance in Amanda Quick's latest Victorian era historical tour de force. When single businesswoman Calista Langley asks crime novelist Trent Hastings for assistance in unmasking a twisted secret admirer that seems to have singled her out for a deadly game of cat and mouse, the two become tangled up in more than just an investigation. As usual, Quick has penned a lovely lark of a tale. Populated by well-rounded characters and enough historical research to add depth to the story, she perfectly balances setting, characters, plot, and relationship development- the end result being a story that will delight her legion of fans, as well as earn her new ones. Thanks to Berkley Publishing Group and NetGalley for providing this advanced read in exchange for an honest review.
15	stalebi	4	Gothic atmosphere meets tender romance in Amanda Quick's latest Victorian era historical tour de force. When single businesswoman Calista Langley asks crime novelist Trent Hastings for assistance in unmasking a twisted secret admirer that seems to have singled her out for a deadly game of cat and mouse, the two become tangled up in more than just an investigation. As usual, Quick has penned a lovely lark of a tale. Populated by well-rounded characters and enough historical research to add depth to the story, she perfectly balances setting, characters, plot, and relationship development- the end result being a story that will delight her legion of fans, as well as earn her new ones. Thanks to Berkley Publishing Group and NetGalley for providing this advanced read in exchange for an honest review.
16	stalebi	3	Rating: 3.5 This book had a lot of issues. The romance made no sense at all to me, most of the flashbacks were tedious and unnecessary, and the plot twist at the end was so predictable. Also, the fact that Yael, the seasoned fighter, trusted Luka and Felix so completely was unrealistic. Despite all of that, I really did enjoy the book and I thought it was a lot of fun. The first book to me was a lot better but the sequel is good too.
16	zhossainzadeh	4	Rating: 3.5 This book had a lot of issues. The romance made no sense at all to me, most of the flashbacks were tedious and unnecessary, and the plot twist at the end was so predictable. Also, the fact that Yael, the seasoned fighter, trusted Luka and Felix so completely was unrealistic. Despite all of that, I really did enjoy the book and I thought it was a lot of fun. The first book to me was a lot better but the sequel is good too.
17	zhossainzadeh	2	I literally did not finish this because it was too intense. I wasn't ready for the level of darkness I reached, and so I gave up. Good stuff, just a little too much for right now. Perhaps I'll try again. I loved the first book!
17	stalebi	3	I literally did not finish this because it was too intense. I wasn't ready for the level of darkness I reached, and so I gave up. Good stuff, just a little too much for right now. Perhaps I'll try again. I loved the first book!
18	stalebi	3	This book was dark and thought provoking. It was like an experiment in human nature, written from a child's point of view. It was the perfect length too.
18	zhossainzadeh	2	This book was dark and thought provoking. It was like an experiment in human nature, written from a child's point of view. It was the perfect length too.
19	zhossainzadeh	2	I'm usually not one to like the reading assignments my English teachers/professors give and instead whine about it for days on end. I'm usually not one to enjoy said reading assignment so much that I actually want to finish it because my curiosity has spiked (usually finish because I have a test/paper over it). I'm usually not one to cry for at least an hour over a reading assignment because an ending as powerful as this one hit so close to home. But Hurston made me do just that and more.
19	stalebi	3	I'm usually not one to like the reading assignments my English teachers/professors give and instead whine about it for days on end. I'm usually not one to enjoy said reading assignment so much that I actually want to finish it because my curiosity has spiked (usually finish because I have a test/paper over it). I'm usually not one to cry for at least an hour over a reading assignment because an ending as powerful as this one hit so close to home. But Hurston made me do just that and more.
20	stalebi	3	Full review will come later. Quick one: I absolutely love all the characters. Personal favourites would be Orma. The story has a nice pacing to it - a little too much description of the surrouning with bland narration, so that part's a minus, but still good :) A book I would recommend to my future teenage kid. Or at least when my nephew and niece grows up ^^
20	zhossainzadeh	2	Full review will come later. Quick one: I absolutely love all the characters. Personal favourites would be Orma. The story has a nice pacing to it - a little too much description of the surrouning with bland narration, so that part's a minus, but still good :) A book I would recommend to my future teenage kid. Or at least when my nephew and niece grows up ^^
21	stalebi	3	currently on 23 % and taking a little break from it as it is about to send me into a reading slump. I am enjoying the book a lot and it is a easy read but I need to take a break from it because I strongly dislike reading Catelyn, Rob, and Ned's POVs and there is so much of them. This review will be edited once I manage to pick it up again and continue it.
21	zhossainzadeh	2	currently on 23 % and taking a little break from it as it is about to send me into a reading slump. I am enjoying the book a lot and it is a easy read but I need to take a break from it because I strongly dislike reading Catelyn, Rob, and Ned's POVs and there is so much of them. This review will be edited once I manage to pick it up again and continue it.
22	stalebi	3	I remember reading this in my early teens. While I don't remember everything in it I remember it really screwed with my head, in a good way. I was unaware it was part of a series and I'm kind of disappointed to find that out. The first worked well when I thought of it as a stand alone and I fear to read them or go back and reread this with the risk of tainting my fond memories of the first time I read it with my grown-up knowledge of quality books. But knowing there are sequels urges me to go back and revisit the series and I suspect I will revisit this series eventually. I suppose this review must serve as a reminder to myself that I did enjoy this book even if rereading does end up souring those memories.
22	zhossainzadeh	2	I remember reading this in my early teens. While I don't remember everything in it I remember it really screwed with my head, in a good way. I was unaware it was part of a series and I'm kind of disappointed to find that out. The first worked well when I thought of it as a stand alone and I fear to read them or go back and reread this with the risk of tainting my fond memories of the first time I read it with my grown-up knowledge of quality books. But knowing there are sequels urges me to go back and revisit the series and I suspect I will revisit this series eventually. I suppose this review must serve as a reminder to myself that I did enjoy this book even if rereading does end up souring those memories.
23	zhossainzadeh	2	"** spoiler alert ** I do like the story but there are still a few niggles for me - first the ones that have been there from the beginning, calling random people ""the mage"". There's so many mages - why not just call them by their name? I think the second part of the book needed a lot more bulking out - people's anger at the end didn't seem justified to what had been described to the reader. Had the sort of detail been gone into then this could have a been a 4+ star book."
23	stalebi	3	"** spoiler alert ** I do like the story but there are still a few niggles for me - first the ones that have been there from the beginning, calling random people ""the mage"". There's so many mages - why not just call them by their name? I think the second part of the book needed a lot more bulking out - people's anger at the end didn't seem justified to what had been described to the reader. Had the sort of detail been gone into then this could have a been a 4+ star book."
24	zhossainzadeh	2	Too many authors think that they have to use the shock value because of JK Rowling and George R R Martin. This book is unnecessary and ruined a quite enjoyable appendix to the Shadowhunter world. Unimpressed.
24	stalebi	3	Too many authors think that they have to use the shock value because of JK Rowling and George R R Martin. This book is unnecessary and ruined a quite enjoyable appendix to the Shadowhunter world. Unimpressed.
25	zhossainzadeh	2	I'm giving this book two stars because the potential was so good. The character development is a one star - so poor. I couldn't understand how the characters changed from page to page and felt that a lot of the plot was just shoe-horned in. Really disappointing as the concept was really interesting but it played out as three completely different stories that were not meant to mesh together.
25	stalebi	3	I'm giving this book two stars because the potential was so good. The character development is a one star - so poor. I couldn't understand how the characters changed from page to page and felt that a lot of the plot was just shoe-horned in. Really disappointing as the concept was really interesting but it played out as three completely different stories that were not meant to mesh together.
26	stalebi	3	I think I read a different book to everyone else. I was cringing every other sentence. I really enjoyed the first couple of books and then it just seemed to get away from the author. Perhaps I'm just getting older and more cynical with it. The ending just seemed way too easy. And I can't be bothered to say much else.
26	zhossainzadeh	2	I think I read a different book to everyone else. I was cringing every other sentence. I really enjoyed the first couple of books and then it just seemed to get away from the author. Perhaps I'm just getting older and more cynical with it. The ending just seemed way too easy. And I can't be bothered to say much else.
27	zhossainzadeh	2	"I'd had this series on my Kindle for ages and as it was the oldest unread ""book"" I started it and was intrigued with the idea of a serial, although technically for me it was an anthology as I had all 6 parts of the first season which I think I'd got for free. I liked it. Yes, it could have been more technical and probably could have had more character development but it was one of a few ""books"" I've read that has gone straight into a story and from action to action without me feeling it was crap or badly edited. I'm genuinely freaked out by what is going on - not just the sci-fi element but some of the characters themselves that prove themselves to be pretty shit members of the human race. At some point I'd like to follow the series to its conclusion - I'm not saying I'm rushing to buy the next series straight away, but it is an option once I've read all the other old books on my Kindle!"
27	stalebi	3	"I'd had this series on my Kindle for ages and as it was the oldest unread ""book"" I started it and was intrigued with the idea of a serial, although technically for me it was an anthology as I had all 6 parts of the first season which I think I'd got for free. I liked it. Yes, it could have been more technical and probably could have had more character development but it was one of a few ""books"" I've read that has gone straight into a story and from action to action without me feeling it was crap or badly edited. I'm genuinely freaked out by what is going on - not just the sci-fi element but some of the characters themselves that prove themselves to be pretty shit members of the human race. At some point I'd like to follow the series to its conclusion - I'm not saying I'm rushing to buy the next series straight away, but it is an option once I've read all the other old books on my Kindle!"
28	stalebi	3	I have read every Outlander novel multiple times, and this one I read the least. Not because it's not excellent, but because it rips my heart out EVERY SINGLE TIME! Oh, it could all bed the King, or make men cover with a single White Lady glare.
28	zhossainzadeh	2	I have read every Outlander novel multiple times, and this one I read the least. Not because it's not excellent, but because it rips my heart out EVERY SINGLE TIME! Oh, it could all bed the King, or make men cover with a single White Lady glare.
29	zhossainzadeh	4	My second favorite of the epic series. Claire's adventures in in 17th century Scotland are lush and memorable. Yes, there is strife, witch hunts, and sadistic army captains, but there is love, too. Lots of it. Jamie Fraser is the stuff men should be made of.
29	stalebi	3	My second favorite of the epic series. Claire's adventures in in 17th century Scotland are lush and memorable. Yes, there is strife, witch hunts, and sadistic army captains, but there is love, too. Lots of it. Jamie Fraser is the stuff men should be made of.
30	zhossainzadeh	4	I'm a goof about reading my son's school books, I guess. That's why I read this, this, wondrous coming-of-adulthood tale of woe that befalls plain Ed Kennedy. The pace is excellent, and while I had an idea where it was going, I also appreciated the curves in the road. Delightful scenery, that, Mr. Zusak. The end felt a bit abrupt, but by then I was quite taken by the messenger, and I can forgive a hastily tied plot hole if the rest seems seamless.
30	stalebi	3	I'm a goof about reading my son's school books, I guess. That's why I read this, this, wondrous coming-of-adulthood tale of woe that befalls plain Ed Kennedy. The pace is excellent, and while I had an idea where it was going, I also appreciated the curves in the road. Delightful scenery, that, Mr. Zusak. The end felt a bit abrupt, but by then I was quite taken by the messenger, and I can forgive a hastily tied plot hole if the rest seems seamless.
31	stalebi	3	"I really enjoyed this one. 16 y/o Janelle is a caretaker to her family due to a bipolar mother and a workaholic father. Her sense of responsibility is never damped, even when she inexplicably survives being killed in the opening. We all hear how an author has to make life hard for the character, and this book is filled with one tough choice after another. Fans of the ""it all works out"" shiny happy ending will not be satisfied, though the resolution is satisfying."
31	zhossainzadeh	2	"I really enjoyed this one. 16 y/o Janelle is a caretaker to her family due to a bipolar mother and a workaholic father. Her sense of responsibility is never damped, even when she inexplicably survives being killed in the opening. We all hear how an author has to make life hard for the character, and this book is filled with one tough choice after another. Fans of the ""it all works out"" shiny happy ending will not be satisfied, though the resolution is satisfying."
32	stalebi	3	Another strong entry in the series. These books do a really good job of relaying historical information in a fun, user friendly way and the sisters are distinctive, interesting characters. Stewart has a charming voice as an author.
32	zhossainzadeh	2	Another strong entry in the series. These books do a really good job of relaying historical information in a fun, user friendly way and the sisters are distinctive, interesting characters. Stewart has a charming voice as an author.
33	stalebi	3	I continue to heart this series. Balogh has a knack for writing well developed characters that the audience develops a strong attachment to. She doesn't bother with melodrama, or contrived misunderstandings, or plot propelling stupidity. She trusts that she can captivate her readers by chronicling the lives and loves of fundamentally good people working through their grief, growing as individuals, and falling in love in a mature, thoughtful way.
33	zhossainzadeh	4	I continue to heart this series. Balogh has a knack for writing well developed characters that the audience develops a strong attachment to. She doesn't bother with melodrama, or contrived misunderstandings, or plot propelling stupidity. She trusts that she can captivate her readers by chronicling the lives and loves of fundamentally good people working through their grief, growing as individuals, and falling in love in a mature, thoughtful way.
34	zhossainzadeh	2	Reading this volume of the Matthew Corbett series has really confirmed for me that McCammon seems to be moving this series away from historical mystery and into the realm of straight horror with liberal doses of action. This tone change began in book 3 Mister Slaughter and is continued in this volume. This book feels like an over the top comic book with its cabal of scheming criminals, and is full of crazy over the top personalities and gruesome violence. I still found this book very fun despite its seeming disconnection from our earth reality.
34	stalebi	3	Reading this volume of the Matthew Corbett series has really confirmed for me that McCammon seems to be moving this series away from historical mystery and into the realm of straight horror with liberal doses of action. This tone change began in book 3 Mister Slaughter and is continued in this volume. This book feels like an over the top comic book with its cabal of scheming criminals, and is full of crazy over the top personalities and gruesome violence. I still found this book very fun despite its seeming disconnection from our earth reality.
35	stalebi	3	Another strong installment in the Mistborn series. I thought the plot took a while to get going but once it did it was quite interesting and the characters remain compelling. I loved everything about the villain in this book, a great character with fascinating motivations. I also appreciated all the detail about the difficulties of industrialization in Elendel.
35	zhossainzadeh	2	Another strong installment in the Mistborn series. I thought the plot took a while to get going but once it did it was quite interesting and the characters remain compelling. I loved everything about the villain in this book, a great character with fascinating motivations. I also appreciated all the detail about the difficulties of industrialization in Elendel.
36	zhossainzadeh	2	This book was more modest in its ambitions than any volume of the magisterial first Mistborn trilogy but it was still a rollicking good read. The plot was well constructed, the characterizations were strong, the banter-y dialogue was enjoyable to read. It also did a good job of setting up some great mysteries for subsequent volumes. I am also really excited to find out that volumes two and three are coming out relatively soon so I don't have to wait too long to see the continuation of this story.
36	stalebi	3	This book was more modest in its ambitions than any volume of the magisterial first Mistborn trilogy but it was still a rollicking good read. The plot was well constructed, the characterizations were strong, the banter-y dialogue was enjoyable to read. It also did a good job of setting up some great mysteries for subsequent volumes. I am also really excited to find out that volumes two and three are coming out relatively soon so I don't have to wait too long to see the continuation of this story.
37	stalebi	3	So this was awesome. Great characters, delightfully twisty plot full of court intrigue and scandal and assassinations aplenty, beautiful writing, excellent atmosphere and world building. The romance was even good. A+ all around, so glad I read this.
37	zhossainzadeh	2	So this was awesome. Great characters, delightfully twisty plot full of court intrigue and scandal and assassinations aplenty, beautiful writing, excellent atmosphere and world building. The romance was even good. A+ all around, so glad I read this.
38	stalebi	3	Not up to par for Chamberlain. This book isn't glaringly bad but it is mostly bland and forgettable. Of the two point of view characters one is dull and the other is potentially interesting but not given enough time to engage the reader. Mildly entertaining at best.
38	zhossainzadeh	2	Not up to par for Chamberlain. This book isn't glaringly bad but it is mostly bland and forgettable. Of the two point of view characters one is dull and the other is potentially interesting but not given enough time to engage the reader. Mildly entertaining at best.
39	stalebi	3	"My least favorite book in the series. I feel like book three set up a lot of potentially game changing events and this book didn't really capitalize on them. It felt stale to me. Also I am sick to death of the Jericho Barrons/Mac relationship and Barron's supposed ""mystique."" He is a dull, static and deeply obnoxious character. I have come this far so I will definitely read the final volume in the series but I definitely found this volume a momentum killer."
39	zhossainzadeh	2	"My least favorite book in the series. I feel like book three set up a lot of potentially game changing events and this book didn't really capitalize on them. It felt stale to me. Also I am sick to death of the Jericho Barrons/Mac relationship and Barron's supposed ""mystique."" He is a dull, static and deeply obnoxious character. I have come this far so I will definitely read the final volume in the series but I definitely found this volume a momentum killer."
40	stalebi	3	A good book but a definite comedown after the first two excellent volumes. This book is beautifully written as were the first two but it is thin and repetitive. Not a lot of plot progression or character development. A pleasant read but I felt no urgency to keep turning the pages. What new material is present here is quite good, there's just not enough of it.
40	zhossainzadeh	2	A good book but a definite comedown after the first two excellent volumes. This book is beautifully written as were the first two but it is thin and repetitive. Not a lot of plot progression or character development. A pleasant read but I felt no urgency to keep turning the pages. What new material is present here is quite good, there's just not enough of it.
41	zhossainzadeh	2	This book is crazy awesome! Fantastic world building, beautiful writing, great character and relationship development. I just found every aspect of this book compelling. A fascinating start to what promises to be a spectacular series.
41	stalebi	3	This book is crazy awesome! Fantastic world building, beautiful writing, great character and relationship development. I just found every aspect of this book compelling. A fascinating start to what promises to be a spectacular series.
42	zhossainzadeh	2	A totally satisfying ending in keeping with the stellar quality of the first two volumes. The new characters/mythology are great, the arcs from the previous books are handled well, the writing continues to be witty and poignant. I am so glad I read this series!
42	stalebi	3	A totally satisfying ending in keeping with the stellar quality of the first two volumes. The new characters/mythology are great, the arcs from the previous books are handled well, the writing continues to be witty and poignant. I am so glad I read this series!
43	zhossainzadeh	2	What a sweet, charming novella. The writing was solid, Zuzana and Mik's narration was clever, the romance left me appropriately swoony. This story did everything it set out to do. The main series is so unrelentingly grim it was nice to see two characters enjoy some happiness here. Now onto the third book.
43	stalebi	3	What a sweet, charming novella. The writing was solid, Zuzana and Mik's narration was clever, the romance left me appropriately swoony. This story did everything it set out to do. The main series is so unrelentingly grim it was nice to see two characters enjoy some happiness here. Now onto the third book.
44	stalebi	3	A fun trash read. This book is pretty corny and ridiculous: full of stilted dialogue, florid prose, and (to put it mildly) certain implausibilities in both plot and characterization. I admire how boldly crazy it is and I admit I became entranced by this bizarre world. Hardly the height of literary quality but a cool, enjoyable read nonetheless.
44	zhossainzadeh	2	A fun trash read. This book is pretty corny and ridiculous: full of stilted dialogue, florid prose, and (to put it mildly) certain implausibilities in both plot and characterization. I admire how boldly crazy it is and I admit I became entranced by this bizarre world. Hardly the height of literary quality but a cool, enjoyable read nonetheless.
45	zhossainzadeh	2	A significant improvement over the Gunslinger. Roland is still kind of a drip of a character but thankfully the new members of the ensemble are vivid and interesting. This story is very satisfying in its own right and sets up the next book nicely.
45	stalebi	3	A significant improvement over the Gunslinger. Roland is still kind of a drip of a character but thankfully the new members of the ensemble are vivid and interesting. This story is very satisfying in its own right and sets up the next book nicely.
46	zhossainzadeh	2	Great read. Very well written, with vivid imagery and consistently well crafted and clever prose. The author makes a lot of insightful points about a variety of issues and the characters are well developed.
46	stalebi	3	Great read. Very well written, with vivid imagery and consistently well crafted and clever prose. The author makes a lot of insightful points about a variety of issues and the characters are well developed.
47	zhossainzadeh	4	I thought parts of this book dragged, especially in the first half, so it could have used some pruning from the editor. I also would have preferred a richer internal monologue from the protagonist, a greater sense of what she was thinking instead of just doing. That being said, I am glad I stuck with this one because it got better as it went along and I liked the author's writing style. Romance is a very secondary consideration of this book: the plot focuses more heavily upon Lilly's familial relationships, her friendships, and the struggles she faces helping to maintain her father's apothecary shop.
47	stalebi	3	I thought parts of this book dragged, especially in the first half, so it could have used some pruning from the editor. I also would have preferred a richer internal monologue from the protagonist, a greater sense of what she was thinking instead of just doing. That being said, I am glad I stuck with this one because it got better as it went along and I liked the author's writing style. Romance is a very secondary consideration of this book: the plot focuses more heavily upon Lilly's familial relationships, her friendships, and the struggles she faces helping to maintain her father's apothecary shop.
48	stalebi	3	This book was super awesome. It was compulsively readable, it was very hard for me to put it down once I started it. In the hands of a lesser author this book about a dysfunctional family who gathers together to sit shiva after the death of their father might feel old hat but the consistently witty prose and impressive insights into human behavior and relationships elevate it considerably. In addition to the toxic relationship between the four siblings, the protagonist is also contending with the destruction of his marriage. Great read!
48	zhossainzadeh	4	This book was super awesome. It was compulsively readable, it was very hard for me to put it down once I started it. In the hands of a lesser author this book about a dysfunctional family who gathers together to sit shiva after the death of their father might feel old hat but the consistently witty prose and impressive insights into human behavior and relationships elevate it considerably. In addition to the toxic relationship between the four siblings, the protagonist is also contending with the destruction of his marriage. Great read!
49	zhossainzadeh	2	This book was amazing! It was also impossible to put down. Honestly, there is not a ton of plot suspense here (you know where the book is going almost from the outset) but the caliber of the character development and the writing makes this riveting. The characters are so well drawn and fascinating, you love to inhabit their world and since they are so well drawn the carnage when it comes really knocks the wind out of you.
49	stalebi	3	This book was amazing! It was also impossible to put down. Honestly, there is not a ton of plot suspense here (you know where the book is going almost from the outset) but the caliber of the character development and the writing makes this riveting. The characters are so well drawn and fascinating, you love to inhabit their world and since they are so well drawn the carnage when it comes really knocks the wind out of you.
50	zhossainzadeh	2	I would consider myself a Chuck Palahniuk fan and I have read and thoroughly enjoyed most of his other books. This one however was a let down. The satire was shallow and toothless because its objects were such safe targets, character development was poor. There were some potentially interesting ideas but they were underdeveloped and thus seemed silly or uninvolving. This reads more like an extended outline or a rough draft. It is a very fast read, and has a few fun scenes and concepts, but this is below par for the author.
50	stalebi	3	I would consider myself a Chuck Palahniuk fan and I have read and thoroughly enjoyed most of his other books. This one however was a let down. The satire was shallow and toothless because its objects were such safe targets, character development was poor. There were some potentially interesting ideas but they were underdeveloped and thus seemed silly or uninvolving. This reads more like an extended outline or a rough draft. It is a very fast read, and has a few fun scenes and concepts, but this is below par for the author.
51	stalebi	3	I really enjoy a good friends to lovers stories and this one was perfect in every way. It was full of wit, fun, and lots of heart. Ivy and Gray suit each other in and out of the bedroom.
51	zhossainzadeh	2	I really enjoy a good friends to lovers stories and this one was perfect in every way. It was full of wit, fun, and lots of heart. Ivy and Gray suit each other in and out of the bedroom.
52	stalebi	3	Good first book to this series. Romance layered with suspense. I liked Sam and Nick as well as the secondary characters. The mystery kept me guessing for a long time until the last 15% of the book when it clicked as to who the killer is. It was good but not as strong as I expected. Can't wait to see what else is in store for Sam and Nick's journey in the political and police world.
52	zhossainzadeh	2	Good first book to this series. Romance layered with suspense. I liked Sam and Nick as well as the secondary characters. The mystery kept me guessing for a long time until the last 15% of the book when it clicked as to who the killer is. It was good but not as strong as I expected. Can't wait to see what else is in store for Sam and Nick's journey in the political and police world.
53	stalebi	3	After the events of Steelheart, David and the Reckoners are protecting the city and people are starting to live in an Epicless city. But they are still afraid that a new Epic can take the power, so David is set to demonstrate that if people fight back, they can protect what they have. While Prof is away, David spots a High Epic called Mitosis, and it seems he has come to kill the Steeleart slayer. This was a great, short story to reinmerge myself in the Reckoners world. Is fast paced, and fun to read. It was the perfect way to introduce us to the city after Steelheart, and I can't wait to read Firefight!
53	zhossainzadeh	2	After the events of Steelheart, David and the Reckoners are protecting the city and people are starting to live in an Epicless city. But they are still afraid that a new Epic can take the power, so David is set to demonstrate that if people fight back, they can protect what they have. While Prof is away, David spots a High Epic called Mitosis, and it seems he has come to kill the Steeleart slayer. This was a great, short story to reinmerge myself in the Reckoners world. Is fast paced, and fun to read. It was the perfect way to introduce us to the city after Steelheart, and I can't wait to read Firefight!
54	stalebi	3	I guess I'l see how the story ends, even if the last book took away most of my interest in the characters. It seems the author is going for Mather wich I think is a terrible choice. And she seems to want to reunite Ventrulli's king with Ceridwen, wich basically means that the love message here is this: it doesn't matter if the boy you love is willing to let you marry someone else or marry and have 3 children with other woman. Neither does it matter that fact that he repeteadly decides not to fight for you. Or that he enters your bedroom at night drunk to treat you horribly. Because they will eventualy realize how much they love you!
54	zhossainzadeh	2	I guess I'l see how the story ends, even if the last book took away most of my interest in the characters. It seems the author is going for Mather wich I think is a terrible choice. And she seems to want to reunite Ventrulli's king with Ceridwen, wich basically means that the love message here is this: it doesn't matter if the boy you love is willing to let you marry someone else or marry and have 3 children with other woman. Neither does it matter that fact that he repeteadly decides not to fight for you. Or that he enters your bedroom at night drunk to treat you horribly. Because they will eventualy realize how much they love you!
55	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked this book. The main character is great, which is really important to me. I like how the whole vampire business is handled, and I also like the love part of it (its not crazy weird love, its normal dating and attraction). I also enjoyed the murder mystery, I suspected who the killer was but wasn't so sure. Its well written and enjoyable. I'll definitively read more books in the series.
55	stalebi	3	I liked this book. The main character is great, which is really important to me. I like how the whole vampire business is handled, and I also like the love part of it (its not crazy weird love, its normal dating and attraction). I also enjoyed the murder mystery, I suspected who the killer was but wasn't so sure. Its well written and enjoyable. I'll definitively read more books in the series.
56	zhossainzadeh	2	After the first three lazy retellings in the Austen Project, Eligible is a breathe of fresh air and so very well done. I'm glad I pressed on and read this one. Sittenfield's retelling is clever in its adaptations but honors their original incarnations of the characters, so they felt like old friends, but at the same time kept you guessing about what they would do next.
56	stalebi	3	After the first three lazy retellings in the Austen Project, Eligible is a breathe of fresh air and so very well done. I'm glad I pressed on and read this one. Sittenfield's retelling is clever in its adaptations but honors their original incarnations of the characters, so they felt like old friends, but at the same time kept you guessing about what they would do next.
57	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked the first novel in The Custard Protocol, but it seemed...more forced, I guess than this one. Perhaps, the characters are better able to stand on their own after the events of Prudence, which isn't a bad thing. In my mind, the characters grew more and were better able to step out of the shadows of their parent's shadows from The Parasol Protectorate series. I give this book Two Parasols Up! Very much enjoyed and I look forward to future installments.
57	stalebi	3	I liked the first novel in The Custard Protocol, but it seemed...more forced, I guess than this one. Perhaps, the characters are better able to stand on their own after the events of Prudence, which isn't a bad thing. In my mind, the characters grew more and were better able to step out of the shadows of their parent's shadows from The Parasol Protectorate series. I give this book Two Parasols Up! Very much enjoyed and I look forward to future installments.
58	zhossainzadeh	2	Okay, see, this is good. This is a ridiculous crack premise which (a) takes itself seriously enough to think through some consequences while at the same time (b) remembering what it is here for, namely having proper young ladies whacking at zombies with swords. I wish it had found some way of dealing more with the raging Orientalism of the first book (which was by a different author, interestingly), but I suppose that's a huge lump of racism to get around. This book avoided the worst of it, thankfully.
58	stalebi	3	Okay, see, this is good. This is a ridiculous crack premise which (a) takes itself seriously enough to think through some consequences while at the same time (b) remembering what it is here for, namely having proper young ladies whacking at zombies with swords. I wish it had found some way of dealing more with the raging Orientalism of the first book (which was by a different author, interestingly), but I suppose that's a huge lump of racism to get around. This book avoided the worst of it, thankfully.
59	zhossainzadeh	2	Totally awesome premise -- librarians in an urban war to defend books! the first female Library Defense Force soldier! -- and an execution which makes it boring when it's not irritating. Alas. (Apparently it's based on a series of novels, but those novels aren't translated into English.)
59	stalebi	3	Totally awesome premise -- librarians in an urban war to defend books! the first female Library Defense Force soldier! -- and an execution which makes it boring when it's not irritating. Alas. (Apparently it's based on a series of novels, but those novels aren't translated into English.)
60	zhossainzadeh	4	Although this book doesn't stand up to a re-read quite as well as I'd like -- the actual plot is not very complex and even the first time through serves mostly as a character vehicle, which means that the second time it can get a little frustrating watching people fail to realize things which are by now quite obviously foreshadowed to the returning reader -- the two things that I loved about it so much the first time remain utterly delightful, enough to keep those five stars up there. One: the post-apocalyptic setting is just the way I like it, with the patching-together of old technology to new purpose, the generational gaps between the people who remember and the ones who don't, and the hints of someplace else to go where things are better but also worse. Two: the use of religion as magical realism generates a very weighty background because it can borrow from actual history, and it provides (to me, anyway) an immediate connection with the characters (like the protagonist here) who start with a strong fear of and resistance to it because they are nonbelievers/grounded in nonmagical realism.
60	stalebi	3	Although this book doesn't stand up to a re-read quite as well as I'd like -- the actual plot is not very complex and even the first time through serves mostly as a character vehicle, which means that the second time it can get a little frustrating watching people fail to realize things which are by now quite obviously foreshadowed to the returning reader -- the two things that I loved about it so much the first time remain utterly delightful, enough to keep those five stars up there. One: the post-apocalyptic setting is just the way I like it, with the patching-together of old technology to new purpose, the generational gaps between the people who remember and the ones who don't, and the hints of someplace else to go where things are better but also worse. Two: the use of religion as magical realism generates a very weighty background because it can borrow from actual history, and it provides (to me, anyway) an immediate connection with the characters (like the protagonist here) who start with a strong fear of and resistance to it because they are nonbelievers/grounded in nonmagical realism.
61	zhossainzadeh	2	I loved this book as a kid and I love it still as an adult. It's one of those books that's so much a part of my life that it's hard for me to believe that not everyone has read it. Maur still creeps me out, Talat still makes me teary, and Aerin's surka rash as she climbs the tower remains the best thing ever.
61	stalebi	3	I loved this book as a kid and I love it still as an adult. It's one of those books that's so much a part of my life that it's hard for me to believe that not everyone has read it. Maur still creeps me out, Talat still makes me teary, and Aerin's surka rash as she climbs the tower remains the best thing ever.
62	stalebi	3	A great addition to an amazing series! This author keeps getting better and better. If you haven't read any the other books in this series, I suggest you run out and buy them. It's wacky, funny, and thrilling. And don't forget the two cutest cats in book history!
62	zhossainzadeh	1	A great addition to an amazing series! This author keeps getting better and better. If you haven't read any the other books in this series, I suggest you run out and buy them. It's wacky, funny, and thrilling. And don't forget the two cutest cats in book history!
63	stalebi	3	Imagine that your friend invited you to his/her house and when you get there, there is a group of people playing D&D or some kind of RPG and you just want to sit and watch it. This is the vibe of Gardens of the Moon. I think what people actually find complicated in this book is the amount of characters - because there is a lot of them. My way to deal with that was to get the list of characters from Wikipedia and keep close while reading. The way Steven Erikson don't just give you all the information and make you really pay close attention to the dialogue and the events and how the characters reacts to them is truly the art of a D&D Master.
63	zhossainzadeh	2	Imagine that your friend invited you to his/her house and when you get there, there is a group of people playing D&D or some kind of RPG and you just want to sit and watch it. This is the vibe of Gardens of the Moon. I think what people actually find complicated in this book is the amount of characters - because there is a lot of them. My way to deal with that was to get the list of characters from Wikipedia and keep close while reading. The way Steven Erikson don't just give you all the information and make you really pay close attention to the dialogue and the events and how the characters reacts to them is truly the art of a D&D Master.
64	zhossainzadeh	2	You know a story is perfectly executed when you have never experienced the kind of life the main character is living, yet you find that you relate to her (or in this case, many of them). Told through various POVs and staying true to its name, this story was ugly, wonderful, and most of all moving.
64	stalebi	3	You know a story is perfectly executed when you have never experienced the kind of life the main character is living, yet you find that you relate to her (or in this case, many of them). Told through various POVs and staying true to its name, this story was ugly, wonderful, and most of all moving.
65	stalebi	3	This story is adorable. I wish there were half stars bc I would give it a 4.5. I definitely recommend it to anyone who loves Rockstar books. If you're looking for your next book boyfriend- Jake is seriously HOT! I loved the relationship between the main characters. Read it, you'll love it!
65	zhossainzadeh	1	This story is adorable. I wish there were half stars bc I would give it a 4.5. I definitely recommend it to anyone who loves Rockstar books. If you're looking for your next book boyfriend- Jake is seriously HOT! I loved the relationship between the main characters. Read it, you'll love it!
66	stalebi	3	I love unexpected twists in a book, but I hate them nearing the end of the story. I should probably hate this book, yet I love it. It's raw, it shocks you, it makes you smile, and it makes you cry (really). Great book :).
66	zhossainzadeh	2	I love unexpected twists in a book, but I hate them nearing the end of the story. I should probably hate this book, yet I love it. It's raw, it shocks you, it makes you smile, and it makes you cry (really). Great book :).
67	zhossainzadeh	4	What I loved most about this book was the voice of the narrator. Clay is a very distinctive character, and his personality was an integral part of the way things unfolded. The other characters, even the relatively minor ones, were richly-drawn as well. Aside from that, this book is chock-full of things that are up my alley-- labyrinthine bookstores and libraries, secret societies, codes and codebreaking, and the internet are all mixed up here together. I especially like the way that books and computers are not set at odds, but instead seen as parts of the same continuum of information technology.
67	stalebi	3	What I loved most about this book was the voice of the narrator. Clay is a very distinctive character, and his personality was an integral part of the way things unfolded. The other characters, even the relatively minor ones, were richly-drawn as well. Aside from that, this book is chock-full of things that are up my alley-- labyrinthine bookstores and libraries, secret societies, codes and codebreaking, and the internet are all mixed up here together. I especially like the way that books and computers are not set at odds, but instead seen as parts of the same continuum of information technology.
68	stalebi	3	Read this hot on the heels of The Atrocity Archive. Lovecraft infused Bond romp. Stross' civil servants are superbly duplicitous, the agents murderous, the villain slightly more megalomanic than normal and our hero completely out of his depth. Great fun and clever with it.
68	zhossainzadeh	2	Read this hot on the heels of The Atrocity Archive. Lovecraft infused Bond romp. Stross' civil servants are superbly duplicitous, the agents murderous, the villain slightly more megalomanic than normal and our hero completely out of his depth. Great fun and clever with it.
69	stalebi	3	I knew I would love this book as soon as I saw the dedication, which mentioned Jason Bourne and Aaron Cross. As promised, it was the perfect blend of action, suspense, and romance- with female kick-assery making it nearly irresistible. This book was a blast!
69	zhossainzadeh	2	I knew I would love this book as soon as I saw the dedication, which mentioned Jason Bourne and Aaron Cross. As promised, it was the perfect blend of action, suspense, and romance- with female kick-assery making it nearly irresistible. This book was a blast!
70	zhossainzadeh	4	After barely surviving a horrific attack from her ex-boyfriend, Kate Priddy is desperate to escape her past and its violent memories, so when a distant cousin spontaneously suggests a six month apartment swap, she readily agrees to leave gloomy London for a new start in Boston. At first glance, Kate is delighted with her decision- Corbin's apartment is beautiful, the neighborhood seems charming, and she's already met a handsome and sweet man who lives nearby. Before she can get too comfortable, however, Kate learns that a woman was very recently murdered in the room next door and the police are still searching for clues to the grisly crime- with her cousin being one of the prime suspects. Unable to suppress the belief that Audrey's killer might be among the people she's just met, Kate finds herself caught up in the investigation while the killer draws ever closer to his new prey. Swanson skillfully moves his story forward by using different (at times untrustworthy) perspectives; by slowly revealing secrets, obsessions, and other surprises; and by occasionally using an unsettling, jagged timeline- all methods that work together to provide a clever, above average thriller that is a worthy follow up to last year's blockbuster The Kind Worth Killing. Thank you to William Morrow/HarperCollins for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
70	stalebi	3	After barely surviving a horrific attack from her ex-boyfriend, Kate Priddy is desperate to escape her past and its violent memories, so when a distant cousin spontaneously suggests a six month apartment swap, she readily agrees to leave gloomy London for a new start in Boston. At first glance, Kate is delighted with her decision- Corbin's apartment is beautiful, the neighborhood seems charming, and she's already met a handsome and sweet man who lives nearby. Before she can get too comfortable, however, Kate learns that a woman was very recently murdered in the room next door and the police are still searching for clues to the grisly crime- with her cousin being one of the prime suspects. Unable to suppress the belief that Audrey's killer might be among the people she's just met, Kate finds herself caught up in the investigation while the killer draws ever closer to his new prey. Swanson skillfully moves his story forward by using different (at times untrustworthy) perspectives; by slowly revealing secrets, obsessions, and other surprises; and by occasionally using an unsettling, jagged timeline- all methods that work together to provide a clever, above average thriller that is a worthy follow up to last year's blockbuster The Kind Worth Killing. Thank you to William Morrow/HarperCollins for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
71	stalebi	3	So completely adorable! Simple, sweet, & satisfying (Lily is right, alliteration is fun!) From the beginning readers know the path this tale will take, but watching Lily & her pen pal reach their happy ending is a delightful journey nevertheless.
71	zhossainzadeh	2	So completely adorable! Simple, sweet, & satisfying (Lily is right, alliteration is fun!) From the beginning readers know the path this tale will take, but watching Lily & her pen pal reach their happy ending is a delightful journey nevertheless.
72	stalebi	3	Psychic powers, dangerous adventures, & true love. Oh my! From the very first page (with its entertaining email exchanges) to the last paragraph (where all loose ends are tied up nicely, complete with a HEA), Krentz/Castle keeps readers fully satisfied. Another fine entry to the Harmony series.
72	zhossainzadeh	2	Psychic powers, dangerous adventures, & true love. Oh my! From the very first page (with its entertaining email exchanges) to the last paragraph (where all loose ends are tied up nicely, complete with a HEA), Krentz/Castle keeps readers fully satisfied. Another fine entry to the Harmony series.
73	stalebi	3	3.5 stars An inexperienced lawyer stumbles upon the biggest case of his career- he is to represent wealthy entrepreneur George Westinghouse against influential inventor Thomas Edison in a case that will determine who has the ultimate right to control and distribute light to a society that is yearning for the power to turn night into day. Decidedly in over his head, Paul will have to learn on the run, dealing with dirty politics, abuse of financial clout, and underhanded methods the likes of which he'd never encountered before. Paul will interact with the powerhouses of 1880s New York, he'll ally with a beautiful and savvy young opera singer, form a close connection with eccentric genius Nikola Tesla, and he will find himself changed forever as does battle in the streets and the courtrooms of his city. This ARC was obtained at Random House Open House on 7/22/16, in exchange for an honest review.
73	zhossainzadeh	4	3.5 stars An inexperienced lawyer stumbles upon the biggest case of his career- he is to represent wealthy entrepreneur George Westinghouse against influential inventor Thomas Edison in a case that will determine who has the ultimate right to control and distribute light to a society that is yearning for the power to turn night into day. Decidedly in over his head, Paul will have to learn on the run, dealing with dirty politics, abuse of financial clout, and underhanded methods the likes of which he'd never encountered before. Paul will interact with the powerhouses of 1880s New York, he'll ally with a beautiful and savvy young opera singer, form a close connection with eccentric genius Nikola Tesla, and he will find himself changed forever as does battle in the streets and the courtrooms of his city. This ARC was obtained at Random House Open House on 7/22/16, in exchange for an honest review.
74	stalebi	3	3.5 stars In fairy tales, when the lost are found, they get to enjoy the happy ever after that they deserve. For Lily, escaping the monster that held her captive for eight long years should have been the start of the happy ending for her and her six year old daughter. Instead, it is just the beginning of her next painful journey, one where she must battle with the man who kidnapped her, face the family who has fallen apart in her absence, find some balance with the man who had been her first love, and discover her place in this strange new world that used to be her home. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
74	zhossainzadeh	4	3.5 stars In fairy tales, when the lost are found, they get to enjoy the happy ever after that they deserve. For Lily, escaping the monster that held her captive for eight long years should have been the start of the happy ending for her and her six year old daughter. Instead, it is just the beginning of her next painful journey, one where she must battle with the man who kidnapped her, face the family who has fallen apart in her absence, find some balance with the man who had been her first love, and discover her place in this strange new world that used to be her home. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
75	zhossainzadeh	4	Underground Airlines is a mystery, an adventure, a far-reaching governmental expose, a spy novel, a tragedy tale. It is what we might have been if history had gone a little differently, it's even a little bit of what we are even if we don't want to admit it. It's the story of a young black man in modern day America who has been forced to make a deal with the devil: in order to maintain his freedom, he tracks down runaway slaves for the government, and returns them to the portions of America where slavery is still legal and is an accepted evil of our profitable economy. There is something different about Victor's latest mark however, and everything begins to change as he starts to question what his freedom is worth and what his employers are hiding. Winters has created an immensely readable thriller that will give you plenty of food for thought. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
75	stalebi	3	Underground Airlines is a mystery, an adventure, a far-reaching governmental expose, a spy novel, a tragedy tale. It is what we might have been if history had gone a little differently, it's even a little bit of what we are even if we don't want to admit it. It's the story of a young black man in modern day America who has been forced to make a deal with the devil: in order to maintain his freedom, he tracks down runaway slaves for the government, and returns them to the portions of America where slavery is still legal and is an accepted evil of our profitable economy. There is something different about Victor's latest mark however, and everything begins to change as he starts to question what his freedom is worth and what his employers are hiding. Winters has created an immensely readable thriller that will give you plenty of food for thought. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
76	stalebi	3	Kailey is living the perfect life, on the cusp of the perfect marriage to the perfect man, when she has a chance encounter with the one who got away- the love of her life who disappeared without a trace years ago and now crosses her path as a homeless man with no memory of her or what happened to him so long ago. Torn between the new path she has forged for herself and the memories that she could never quite let go of, Kailey decides that she must help Cade before she can truly move on. Jio's latest is a solid tale that touches upon the serious issues of homelessness and the ever changing nature of relationships, and adds a bit of mystery and romance as well. Fans of the author will be satisfied, though newcomers would be better served by picking up one of her stronger works such as Goodnight June or Blackberry Winter. Thanks to Netgalley and Random House Publishing Group/Ballantine Books for allowing me early access to this novel, in exchange for an honest review.
76	zhossainzadeh	4	Kailey is living the perfect life, on the cusp of the perfect marriage to the perfect man, when she has a chance encounter with the one who got away- the love of her life who disappeared without a trace years ago and now crosses her path as a homeless man with no memory of her or what happened to him so long ago. Torn between the new path she has forged for herself and the memories that she could never quite let go of, Kailey decides that she must help Cade before she can truly move on. Jio's latest is a solid tale that touches upon the serious issues of homelessness and the ever changing nature of relationships, and adds a bit of mystery and romance as well. Fans of the author will be satisfied, though newcomers would be better served by picking up one of her stronger works such as Goodnight June or Blackberry Winter. Thanks to Netgalley and Random House Publishing Group/Ballantine Books for allowing me early access to this novel, in exchange for an honest review.
77	zhossainzadeh	4	A recently separated woman seeks solace and purpose in a local book group, while her daughter- half a world away- is dealing with her own life-changing problems that just might be resolved with a little literary assistance. The engaging characters, the juxtaposition of the idyllic small town and the harsh reality of the seedier side of Paris, the weight of memory and regret, the power of human connection and embracing the future, all work together to create an enthralling story that will carry readers away, and have them hoping that these lovely and damaged characters can find their own happy ending. This book was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
77	stalebi	3	A recently separated woman seeks solace and purpose in a local book group, while her daughter- half a world away- is dealing with her own life-changing problems that just might be resolved with a little literary assistance. The engaging characters, the juxtaposition of the idyllic small town and the harsh reality of the seedier side of Paris, the weight of memory and regret, the power of human connection and embracing the future, all work together to create an enthralling story that will carry readers away, and have them hoping that these lovely and damaged characters can find their own happy ending. This book was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
78	zhossainzadeh	4	Attorney Catherine Lockhart and her husband private investigator Liam Taggart are quite a team, frequently working together on cases that require their combined skills and determination in order to provide justice and closure for those who seek their help. Apparently they are earning quite a reputation as the ones to hire for unique and challenging cases, because their newest prospective client is a woman with a wild story of a war-torn city, a cherished sisterly bond, and long-ago promise that must be fulfilled. Readers craving a well-crafted mystery with a rich historic background will be pleased to discover Catherine and Liam, and will surely be eager to hunt down the previous two entries in this engaging series. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
78	stalebi	3	Attorney Catherine Lockhart and her husband private investigator Liam Taggart are quite a team, frequently working together on cases that require their combined skills and determination in order to provide justice and closure for those who seek their help. Apparently they are earning quite a reputation as the ones to hire for unique and challenging cases, because their newest prospective client is a woman with a wild story of a war-torn city, a cherished sisterly bond, and long-ago promise that must be fulfilled. Readers craving a well-crafted mystery with a rich historic background will be pleased to discover Catherine and Liam, and will surely be eager to hunt down the previous two entries in this engaging series. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
79	zhossainzadeh	4	"9th&up When Laurel is invited by her friend to vacation on the ""Cruise to Lose"" ship, she doesn't much care about the celebrities or the rich elites who will be attending, or the chance to sample Solu- the not yet released wonder sweetener that is supposedly guaranteed to cause easy and significant weight loss. She's just looking forward to a relaxing vacation with Viv. When the passengers start reacting strangely to the Solu sweetener, Laurel begins to realize that her dream getaway is about to turn into a nightmare. Although a bit uneven towards the end, this was still a fun thriller/sweet romance/horror novel that had me tearing through the pages. While finding an audience that enjoys romance and gore in equal parts might be a challenge, it worked for me- along with the entertainingly over the top villain, subtle comments about celebrity idols, America's obesity problem, quick fixes, and body acceptance."
79	stalebi	3	"9th&up When Laurel is invited by her friend to vacation on the ""Cruise to Lose"" ship, she doesn't much care about the celebrities or the rich elites who will be attending, or the chance to sample Solu- the not yet released wonder sweetener that is supposedly guaranteed to cause easy and significant weight loss. She's just looking forward to a relaxing vacation with Viv. When the passengers start reacting strangely to the Solu sweetener, Laurel begins to realize that her dream getaway is about to turn into a nightmare. Although a bit uneven towards the end, this was still a fun thriller/sweet romance/horror novel that had me tearing through the pages. While finding an audience that enjoys romance and gore in equal parts might be a challenge, it worked for me- along with the entertainingly over the top villain, subtle comments about celebrity idols, America's obesity problem, quick fixes, and body acceptance."
80	zhossainzadeh	1	What a sweet, cute, sexy romance! Smiling from the first page at the oh-too-familiar description of a decidedly ordinary woman hopefully waiting for romance and adventure to sweep her off her feet. And, oh my goodness, I was smitten with tall, dark and rough-hewn Ransom right away. This story was a blast, and I'm hopeful that I've found a new romance author to binge on.
80	stalebi	3	What a sweet, cute, sexy romance! Smiling from the first page at the oh-too-familiar description of a decidedly ordinary woman hopefully waiting for romance and adventure to sweep her off her feet. And, oh my goodness, I was smitten with tall, dark and rough-hewn Ransom right away. This story was a blast, and I'm hopeful that I've found a new romance author to binge on.
81	zhossainzadeh	2	3.5 stars Sparks again does what he does best- his latest novel has a damsel in distress, a knight in slightly tarnished armor, relationship troubles, a stalker, peril aplenty, and more. With appealing main characters, well drawn secondary characters and enough action to keep the pages turning, even though I was not blown away by the story I still enjoyed myself quite a bit.
81	stalebi	3	3.5 stars Sparks again does what he does best- his latest novel has a damsel in distress, a knight in slightly tarnished armor, relationship troubles, a stalker, peril aplenty, and more. With appealing main characters, well drawn secondary characters and enough action to keep the pages turning, even though I was not blown away by the story I still enjoyed myself quite a bit.
82	zhossainzadeh	2	7th&up, 3.5 stars A solid fantasy adventure that has a little bit of everything- Chinese folktale elements mixed with romance, suspense and issues of loyalty, class, courage and sacrifice. I enjoyed Fei's tale, even though it didn't stick with me after the story was over. This book was acquired at BEA15 in exchange for an honest review
82	stalebi	3	7th&up, 3.5 stars A solid fantasy adventure that has a little bit of everything- Chinese folktale elements mixed with romance, suspense and issues of loyalty, class, courage and sacrifice. I enjoyed Fei's tale, even though it didn't stick with me after the story was over. This book was acquired at BEA15 in exchange for an honest review
83	zhossainzadeh	3	I liked it. I would have loved alternating points of view in Divergent... except maybe that would have killed a little of the mystery and intrigue surrounding Four. This was a good glimpse into his side of things, but it feels a little hastily written. Can't wait to read the other shorts about him.
83	stalebi	2	I liked it. I would have loved alternating points of view in Divergent... except maybe that would have killed a little of the mystery and intrigue surrounding Four. This was a good glimpse into his side of things, but it feels a little hastily written. Can't wait to read the other shorts about him.
84	stalebi	2	Meh. That's about how I feel about this one. I'm quite disappointed, actually. I bought the book, so sure in my purchase since it seemed everyone LOVES it, and now I'm stuck with a mediocre story on my shelf. It is written decent enough, but I guess I'm just sick of the unoriginal premises and cliche storylines. Maybe I shouldn't have bought so much into everyone else's opinions.
84	zhossainzadeh	3	Meh. That's about how I feel about this one. I'm quite disappointed, actually. I bought the book, so sure in my purchase since it seemed everyone LOVES it, and now I'm stuck with a mediocre story on my shelf. It is written decent enough, but I guess I'm just sick of the unoriginal premises and cliche storylines. Maybe I shouldn't have bought so much into everyone else's opinions.
85	stalebi	2	There's bits I hate but I'm going to give it a four for beautifully marrying the futuristic with the supernatural. At times it is brilliant, at times purely frustrating but that's 16 year old girls, talking cats, characters from Shakespeare (I'd take him more seriously if he was called Robbie), iron horses and a dark mysterious winter prince can do.
85	zhossainzadeh	3	There's bits I hate but I'm going to give it a four for beautifully marrying the futuristic with the supernatural. At times it is brilliant, at times purely frustrating but that's 16 year old girls, talking cats, characters from Shakespeare (I'd take him more seriously if he was called Robbie), iron horses and a dark mysterious winter prince can do.
86	zhossainzadeh	3	Prettily written and easy to read, but for a 400+ page book there's not as much there there as you would expect. Sisi is isolated from court and largely disconnected from politics, which means we focus mainly on her feelings about herself and her family, her daily routines, and a few interpersonal relationships. This stuff is fine but a little thin to build a whole book around.
86	stalebi	2	Prettily written and easy to read, but for a 400+ page book there's not as much there there as you would expect. Sisi is isolated from court and largely disconnected from politics, which means we focus mainly on her feelings about herself and her family, her daily routines, and a few interpersonal relationships. This stuff is fine but a little thin to build a whole book around.
87	stalebi	2	"Super nifty premise, sharp writing with dark and vivid imagery, a gut punch of an ending, and some moments where I said to myself ""I really wish this was longer."" A lot of creativity packed into a small package here. I'd love to read a full length novel rather than a novella from this author. Glad I read this."
87	zhossainzadeh	3	"Super nifty premise, sharp writing with dark and vivid imagery, a gut punch of an ending, and some moments where I said to myself ""I really wish this was longer."" A lot of creativity packed into a small package here. I'd love to read a full length novel rather than a novella from this author. Glad I read this."
88	zhossainzadeh	3	I love Uncle Stevie so I really gave this the old college try. I tried so hard to like it but a) the plot moves at a brutally sluggish pace and b) the way too large ensemble cast is composed of boring characters that are largely impossible to distinguish from each other.
88	stalebi	2	I love Uncle Stevie so I really gave this the old college try. I tried so hard to like it but a) the plot moves at a brutally sluggish pace and b) the way too large ensemble cast is composed of boring characters that are largely impossible to distinguish from each other.
89	zhossainzadeh	3	A good premise but ultimately dull and lazy execution. I felt like everything about this book was lazy and undercooked. Characters were flat, the plotting was slipshod, the prose unremarkable. Not enough historical information to engage the reader. Even though this is a ridiculously quick read it felt tedious because it was such a thin story.
89	stalebi	2	A good premise but ultimately dull and lazy execution. I felt like everything about this book was lazy and undercooked. Characters were flat, the plotting was slipshod, the prose unremarkable. Not enough historical information to engage the reader. Even though this is a ridiculously quick read it felt tedious because it was such a thin story.
90	stalebi	2	Though this is a short work it feels complete and satisfying on its own, not just as a set up to later volumes. Great prose, a charming pair of protagonists, a plausible attraction and development of the romance. Very clever scene involving the exchange of pins that I found just delightful. I decided to check this author out after reading many glowing reviews of her work online and I was impressed.
90	zhossainzadeh	3	Though this is a short work it feels complete and satisfying on its own, not just as a set up to later volumes. Great prose, a charming pair of protagonists, a plausible attraction and development of the romance. Very clever scene involving the exchange of pins that I found just delightful. I decided to check this author out after reading many glowing reviews of her work online and I was impressed.
91	stalebi	2	Conceptually interesting but the execution was pretty flawed. This was a character study with underdeveloped characters. This book introduced a lot of interesting ideas and then dealt with them in a shallow fashion. As the book continued it became increasingly tedious and anti-climactic. The writing style was overly elliptical. This book kept teasing me with the potential of goodness and then not delivering.
91	zhossainzadeh	3	Conceptually interesting but the execution was pretty flawed. This was a character study with underdeveloped characters. This book introduced a lot of interesting ideas and then dealt with them in a shallow fashion. As the book continued it became increasingly tedious and anti-climactic. The writing style was overly elliptical. This book kept teasing me with the potential of goodness and then not delivering.
92	stalebi	2	"This book has some potential but the plot and characters felt very under developed. You never really get into the mind of the killer to understand his motives aside from wanting to ""play the game"" with Grant. I couldn't relate or find myself connecting to the H/h much either. Maybe if the book was longer it could explore the depths of these characters."
92	zhossainzadeh	3	"This book has some potential but the plot and characters felt very under developed. You never really get into the mind of the killer to understand his motives aside from wanting to ""play the game"" with Grant. I couldn't relate or find myself connecting to the H/h much either. Maybe if the book was longer it could explore the depths of these characters."
93	stalebi	2	I liked it a lot, but it doesn't really stand alone; it's too much of a setup for what I assume are going to be Rose's later emotional discoveries. I'm very impressed by Rose, though, and would like to follow her further!
93	zhossainzadeh	1	I liked it a lot, but it doesn't really stand alone; it's too much of a setup for what I assume are going to be Rose's later emotional discoveries. I'm very impressed by Rose, though, and would like to follow her further!
94	stalebi	2	** spoiler alert ** This book had a much more believable ending on the plot than the first book -- nearly no strange coincidences required! And I like the supernatural twists on the steampunkery, like the explanations for why telegraph isn't feasible and dirigible is. The emotional resonances are still a little weird with Our Heroes talking a big line about how much they argue by yelling and sex when in fact they actually argue by avoidance and secret-keeping, and the ending with regards to that is -- well, painful. Also, I suppose it's nice that only one of the evil lesbians was killed off, but I wish that the protagonist's-eye-view of them had been less faux-coy.
94	zhossainzadeh	3	** spoiler alert ** This book had a much more believable ending on the plot than the first book -- nearly no strange coincidences required! And I like the supernatural twists on the steampunkery, like the explanations for why telegraph isn't feasible and dirigible is. The emotional resonances are still a little weird with Our Heroes talking a big line about how much they argue by yelling and sex when in fact they actually argue by avoidance and secret-keeping, and the ending with regards to that is -- well, painful. Also, I suppose it's nice that only one of the evil lesbians was killed off, but I wish that the protagonist's-eye-view of them had been less faux-coy.
95	stalebi	2	Spoiler free: This was definitely the middle book of a trilogy, which makes it hard for me to evaluate it -- I hate not having the whole story available at once! But I spend a lot of time being irritated by the way the protagonist was so oblivious to the politics and machinations of everyone else. The things that impressed me in the first book were still here and I'm still very eager for the next book, but I think the choice of protagonist for this book was bad: the ignorance didn't create any suspense and the teenaged angst -- while was entirely realistic and (given the choice of protagonist) entirely inevitable -- felt like it wasted a lot of time.
95	zhossainzadeh	3	Spoiler free: This was definitely the middle book of a trilogy, which makes it hard for me to evaluate it -- I hate not having the whole story available at once! But I spend a lot of time being irritated by the way the protagonist was so oblivious to the politics and machinations of everyone else. The things that impressed me in the first book were still here and I'm still very eager for the next book, but I think the choice of protagonist for this book was bad: the ignorance didn't create any suspense and the teenaged angst -- while was entirely realistic and (given the choice of protagonist) entirely inevitable -- felt like it wasted a lot of time.
96	stalebi	2	I'm not quite sure what I expected from this book, but that wasn't it. I'm really impressed in a lot of ways with the protagonist of this book, and I think I'm going to be a while unpacking that into something that's more of a review, but there you go anyway. I'm awfully glad that there's not a long wait for the sequel.
96	zhossainzadeh	1	I'm not quite sure what I expected from this book, but that wasn't it. I'm really impressed in a lot of ways with the protagonist of this book, and I think I'm going to be a while unpacking that into something that's more of a review, but there you go anyway. I'm awfully glad that there's not a long wait for the sequel.
97	stalebi	2	I like this book! It wasn't the most awesome read in the freaking universe, but it was super enjoyable! If I have had time, I would have read in one sitting! If you are looking for a enjoyable quick fun read, this is your book!
97	zhossainzadeh	1	I like this book! It wasn't the most awesome read in the freaking universe, but it was super enjoyable! If I have had time, I would have read in one sitting! If you are looking for a enjoyable quick fun read, this is your book!
98	stalebi	2	If I marry Rainbow, will I get half of her brain? How does that work? One of the best stories I've this year & this author is quickly becoming a top favorite of mine.
98	zhossainzadeh	1	If I marry Rainbow, will I get half of her brain? How does that work? One of the best stories I've this year & this author is quickly becoming a top favorite of mine.
99	stalebi	2	This series actually really surprised me. I don't even know how I found this book, but I'm glad I did! I enjoyed it very much.
99	zhossainzadeh	1	This series actually really surprised me. I don't even know how I found this book, but I'm glad I did! I enjoyed it very much.
100	stalebi	2	LOVED!! I don't know what it is about bikers and their chapters and their craziness, but apparently I love them. This story is as sweet as a biker dude story can be (and as it turns out, bikers can be pretty damn sweet). I really enjoyed it. I made up this word (I THINK) and it's perfect for this book, so I'll debut the word here: SMUT-TASTIC.
100	zhossainzadeh	1	LOVED!! I don't know what it is about bikers and their chapters and their craziness, but apparently I love them. This story is as sweet as a biker dude story can be (and as it turns out, bikers can be pretty damn sweet). I really enjoyed it. I made up this word (I THINK) and it's perfect for this book, so I'll debut the word here: SMUT-TASTIC.
101	zhossainzadeh	1	I hadn't read this because I'd heard there was a cliffhanger ending, then I heard there wasn't. I decided to read it and find out for myself, and it doesn't end in a cliff, but oh, it sure does leave you wanting more! I really really enjoyed this book. It has everything that I love. I cannot wait for book 2! I'm pretty sure you'll be adding Marcus to your list of BBFs!
101	stalebi	2	I hadn't read this because I'd heard there was a cliffhanger ending, then I heard there wasn't. I decided to read it and find out for myself, and it doesn't end in a cliff, but oh, it sure does leave you wanting more! I really really enjoyed this book. It has everything that I love. I cannot wait for book 2! I'm pretty sure you'll be adding Marcus to your list of BBFs!
102	stalebi	2	"If you look up the word ""love story"" in the dictionary, this book should be under the definition for it. It is an absolutely beautiful story about undying love. Amazing. ""Now you and I both know that I'll wait a lifetime for you- remember, Butterfly Weeds never give up..."" ""As for the war, I surrendered."" <3 This is still making me cry."
102	zhossainzadeh	1	"If you look up the word ""love story"" in the dictionary, this book should be under the definition for it. It is an absolutely beautiful story about undying love. Amazing. ""Now you and I both know that I'll wait a lifetime for you- remember, Butterfly Weeds never give up..."" ""As for the war, I surrendered."" <3 This is still making me cry."
103	zhossainzadeh	1	If you were to take three of the funniest people you've ever met and stick them together in a room for an hour & just sit back and witness the conversation...it still wouldn't be as funny as this book! Hands down, the most entertaining & funniest book I have EVER read. I totally saw myself in each of these characters. Loved.Loved.Loved. I should probably add, if you have a sensitive bladder, wear depends when you read this. I'm not joking.
103	stalebi	2	If you were to take three of the funniest people you've ever met and stick them together in a room for an hour & just sit back and witness the conversation...it still wouldn't be as funny as this book! Hands down, the most entertaining & funniest book I have EVER read. I totally saw myself in each of these characters. Loved.Loved.Loved. I should probably add, if you have a sensitive bladder, wear depends when you read this. I'm not joking.
104	zhossainzadeh	1	It's hard to find a Gothic novel set in the very recent past that works, but this one fits the bill nicely. I want to go live in Black Rabbit Hall, as long as someone else pays for the repairs!
104	stalebi	2	It's hard to find a Gothic novel set in the very recent past that works, but this one fits the bill nicely. I want to go live in Black Rabbit Hall, as long as someone else pays for the repairs!
105	stalebi	2	I'd heard that this book was a mystery story that transcends the genre, but when I started to read it, I found that hard to believe. Yet slowly, the story of Maisie Dobbs, lady detective and former WWI nurse, began to work on me. There is a depth of emotion and understanding here that one doesn't usually find in a detective novel. I'm anxious to read another Maisie Dobbs story in the near future.
105	zhossainzadeh	3	I'd heard that this book was a mystery story that transcends the genre, but when I started to read it, I found that hard to believe. Yet slowly, the story of Maisie Dobbs, lady detective and former WWI nurse, began to work on me. There is a depth of emotion and understanding here that one doesn't usually find in a detective novel. I'm anxious to read another Maisie Dobbs story in the near future.
106	stalebi	2	When I picked up this book, I didn't know much about it or about the author. I think that was for the best, as I didn't see any of the surprises coming. It reminded me of something by Victoria Holt or Mary Stewart. I didn't think they wrote books like that anymore, so it was a nice find. Now I'm eager to read another book by this author. (Note: I received my copy of this book through a Goodreads First Reads giveaway.)
106	zhossainzadeh	1	When I picked up this book, I didn't know much about it or about the author. I think that was for the best, as I didn't see any of the surprises coming. It reminded me of something by Victoria Holt or Mary Stewart. I didn't think they wrote books like that anymore, so it was a nice find. Now I'm eager to read another book by this author. (Note: I received my copy of this book through a Goodreads First Reads giveaway.)
107	zhossainzadeh	3	Goodreads kept recommending this book to me, but I was resistant because it seemed too light. Then, when I finally decided to read it, the (male) librarian who checked it out to me told me how wonderful it was and that I wouldn't be sorry! Normally, when someone at a video store or library says that to me, it's a sure sign I'll hate whatever they're talking about, so that made me even more wary. I'm glad to say that all my worries were for naught, as this was a very delightful book. It certainly was a quick read, but there was just the right amount of emotion in it, as it neither glazed over the surface of things too much nor descended into melodrama. And I've been having dreams about WWII ever since I started reading it!
107	stalebi	2	Goodreads kept recommending this book to me, but I was resistant because it seemed too light. Then, when I finally decided to read it, the (male) librarian who checked it out to me told me how wonderful it was and that I wouldn't be sorry! Normally, when someone at a video store or library says that to me, it's a sure sign I'll hate whatever they're talking about, so that made me even more wary. I'm glad to say that all my worries were for naught, as this was a very delightful book. It certainly was a quick read, but there was just the right amount of emotion in it, as it neither glazed over the surface of things too much nor descended into melodrama. And I've been having dreams about WWII ever since I started reading it!
108	zhossainzadeh	3	3.5 stars My first Ruggle romance, but definitely not my last. This sweet romance with just enough angst and adventure had everything I was looking for in a comforting literary getaway. I very much enjoyed time with Jules and her little family, and Theo and his K9 crew, and I'm looking forward to the next novel in the series.
108	stalebi	2	3.5 stars My first Ruggle romance, but definitely not my last. This sweet romance with just enough angst and adventure had everything I was looking for in a comforting literary getaway. I very much enjoyed time with Jules and her little family, and Theo and his K9 crew, and I'm looking forward to the next novel in the series.
109	zhossainzadeh	3	3.5 stars I love Charlie & Reyes as a couple, but I hate that Charlie didn't trust in Reyes and that she kept secrets from him. I love the whole Charley Davidson crew, but am kind of taken aback at how many people she keeps letting in on her true nature. I love the mysteries of this series, but I didn't like the confusing otherworldly machinations that keep getting built upon instead of resolved. As much as I absolutely adore the heat, humor, & heart of these stories, I am starting to wish that the end of the world could get wrapped up- even if that means the end of the series.
109	stalebi	2	3.5 stars I love Charlie & Reyes as a couple, but I hate that Charlie didn't trust in Reyes and that she kept secrets from him. I love the whole Charley Davidson crew, but am kind of taken aback at how many people she keeps letting in on her true nature. I love the mysteries of this series, but I didn't like the confusing otherworldly machinations that keep getting built upon instead of resolved. As much as I absolutely adore the heat, humor, & heart of these stories, I am starting to wish that the end of the world could get wrapped up- even if that means the end of the series.
110	zhossainzadeh	3	Jake and his girlfriend are traveling to a remote farm so that she can meet his parents for the first time. Unfortunately for Jake, during the drive his (unnamed) girlfriend has basically come to the internal conclusion that she needs to end things with him. Unfortunately for her, she would have been much better off if she had come to that realization before the family dinner, before the detour, before things went very, very wrong. This is a wonderfully eerie and surprising little book that will keep you thinking long after the final conclusion. This book was obtained at BEA16 in exchange for an honest review.
110	stalebi	2	Jake and his girlfriend are traveling to a remote farm so that she can meet his parents for the first time. Unfortunately for Jake, during the drive his (unnamed) girlfriend has basically come to the internal conclusion that she needs to end things with him. Unfortunately for her, she would have been much better off if she had come to that realization before the family dinner, before the detour, before things went very, very wrong. This is a wonderfully eerie and surprising little book that will keep you thinking long after the final conclusion. This book was obtained at BEA16 in exchange for an honest review.
111	zhossainzadeh	3	3.5 stars Nick Cutter, the author of the wonderfully creepy The Troop and The Deep, is back again with a new horror story that has an Old West feel. Three guns for hire are recruited for a possible rescue mission- a woman's nephew is being held at a compound called Little Heaven, where Reverend Amos Flesher holds a cult-like power over the community members. The Reverend is a minor threat compared to the ancient evil that our unlikely hero's wind up doing battle with in this disturbing novel that is sure to delight horror fans. Thank you to Gallery Books and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
111	stalebi	2	3.5 stars Nick Cutter, the author of the wonderfully creepy The Troop and The Deep, is back again with a new horror story that has an Old West feel. Three guns for hire are recruited for a possible rescue mission- a woman's nephew is being held at a compound called Little Heaven, where Reverend Amos Flesher holds a cult-like power over the community members. The Reverend is a minor threat compared to the ancient evil that our unlikely hero's wind up doing battle with in this disturbing novel that is sure to delight horror fans. Thank you to Gallery Books and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
112	zhossainzadeh	3	3.5 stars, 9th&up A young woman with a traumatic past attempts to break out of her self-imposed shell, which results in her being re-introduced to the boy who saved her life when she was younger. Sparks fly, complications arise, and Mallory begins to suspect that this time it might be her turn to do the rescuing. Teen readers in the mood for some angst with their romance will be well served to pick up Armentrout's latest novel. A sigh-worthy, satisfying read. This book was obtained at BEA16 in exchange for an honest review.
112	stalebi	2	3.5 stars, 9th&up A young woman with a traumatic past attempts to break out of her self-imposed shell, which results in her being re-introduced to the boy who saved her life when she was younger. Sparks fly, complications arise, and Mallory begins to suspect that this time it might be her turn to do the rescuing. Teen readers in the mood for some angst with their romance will be well served to pick up Armentrout's latest novel. A sigh-worthy, satisfying read. This book was obtained at BEA16 in exchange for an honest review.
113	stalebi	2	3.5 stars Another well crafted, enjoyable romantic suspense tale from new-to-me author Cynthia Eden. Looking forward to the last installment in the For Me trilogy.
113	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 stars Another well crafted, enjoyable romantic suspense tale from new-to-me author Cynthia Eden. Looking forward to the last installment in the For Me trilogy.
114	zhossainzadeh	3	The fourth entry in the Mortal Instruments series is actually quite a somber volume. Relationships fracture, there are personal missteps, the debate between nature and nurture torments characters, loyalty tug-of-wars ensue, and more. At times almost harshly realistic, I'm finding this series more layered and interesting than I even expected- and that crazy cliffhanger ending? Phew!
114	stalebi	2	The fourth entry in the Mortal Instruments series is actually quite a somber volume. Relationships fracture, there are personal missteps, the debate between nature and nurture torments characters, loyalty tug-of-wars ensue, and more. At times almost harshly realistic, I'm finding this series more layered and interesting than I even expected- and that crazy cliffhanger ending? Phew!
115	zhossainzadeh	1	7th&up Dashner has me fully hooked- from the very first page I eagerly raced along with Thomas and the Gladers as they fought to survive against the Scorch, the Flare infected, and the machinations of WICKED. Woe to anyone who comes between me and the nearest copy of The Death Cure!
115	stalebi	2	7th&up Dashner has me fully hooked- from the very first page I eagerly raced along with Thomas and the Gladers as they fought to survive against the Scorch, the Flare infected, and the machinations of WICKED. Woe to anyone who comes between me and the nearest copy of The Death Cure!
116	zhossainzadeh	2	Just ok. Liked the characters but Ash, didn't like the world or the ending. So, not for me.
116	stalebi	1	Just ok. Liked the characters but Ash, didn't like the world or the ending. So, not for me.
117	stalebi	1	I kind liked this book - but I didn't. It was sort of funny sometimes and I really liked how he speak in a past/future tense because of the time travel thing, but the story got a little dragging on the other hand.
117	zhossainzadeh	2	I kind liked this book - but I didn't. It was sort of funny sometimes and I really liked how he speak in a past/future tense because of the time travel thing, but the story got a little dragging on the other hand.
118	stalebi	1	That book is cute or what? It's not the clever book ever writen, but the plot is enganging, it's cute, it's geeky and I like very much indeed. It's more a 4,5 than an actually 5, but since I read in almost one sit, I'm giving a 5!
118	zhossainzadeh	2	That book is cute or what? It's not the clever book ever writen, but the plot is enganging, it's cute, it's geeky and I like very much indeed. It's more a 4,5 than an actually 5, but since I read in almost one sit, I'm giving a 5!
119	stalebi	1	Thorin,Fili and Kili feelings! This book is awesome! Is funny and exciting and made me angry sometimes and fell in love also!
119	zhossainzadeh	3	Thorin,Fili and Kili feelings! This book is awesome! Is funny and exciting and made me angry sometimes and fell in love also!
120	stalebi	1	"I adore this book! If it wasn't for one thing, this book would have been perfect. But nothing bothers me most than when a ""sex scene"" is used wrongly, like when are in a life threatening trouble and they decide to fornicate anyway because the sex tension is unbearable. It just makes me mad. But past that, Alexia is a great character -incredible funny and witty and the right ""sex scenes"" make me giggle Obviously the book is so much more than that, a well paranormal intriguing story with an also great plot full of humor."
120	zhossainzadeh	2	"I adore this book! If it wasn't for one thing, this book would have been perfect. But nothing bothers me most than when a ""sex scene"" is used wrongly, like when are in a life threatening trouble and they decide to fornicate anyway because the sex tension is unbearable. It just makes me mad. But past that, Alexia is a great character -incredible funny and witty and the right ""sex scenes"" make me giggle Obviously the book is so much more than that, a well paranormal intriguing story with an also great plot full of humor."
121	zhossainzadeh	2	This is not a fantasy, it is the fantasy in many ways. This book changed my life, so why am I giving it three stars? It's not the best of the three in my opinion, there are some great heights, The Prancing Pony, Rivendell, Weahertop, but it drags in too many places. There is better to come.
121	stalebi	1	This is not a fantasy, it is the fantasy in many ways. This book changed my life, so why am I giving it three stars? It's not the best of the three in my opinion, there are some great heights, The Prancing Pony, Rivendell, Weahertop, but it drags in too many places. There is better to come.
122	stalebi	1	A book I've owned for over thirty five years and never regretted a day of it. I'd put it at the top of Zelazny's game.
122	zhossainzadeh	2	A book I've owned for over thirty five years and never regretted a day of it. I'd put it at the top of Zelazny's game.
123	stalebi	1	Read this many years ago, a superb book that changed my attitude to both war and humour (I was only 14!)
123	zhossainzadeh	2	Read this many years ago, a superb book that changed my attitude to both war and humour (I was only 14!)
124	stalebi	1	9th&up Topical, beautiful, raw, thoughtful, real, important. Angie Thomas broke my heart and made me so sorry that this book has to exist, but grateful that it does (if that makes sense).
124	zhossainzadeh	2	9th&up Topical, beautiful, raw, thoughtful, real, important. Angie Thomas broke my heart and made me so sorry that this book has to exist, but grateful that it does (if that makes sense).
125	zhossainzadeh	4	This book was like many other Michael Crichton books. I love the author and his writing, not because he makes amazing characters or one-of-a-kind storylines, but because his concepts are those that always tend to spark my interest. I think I was holding my breath for much of this book, because the IDEA of being under the water, at the bottom of the ocean is one that I get the chills thinking about. I love this author, regardless of others who criticize his actual writing. I find the scientific elements of his books fascinating, this one being no exception.
125	stalebi	4	This book was like many other Michael Crichton books. I love the author and his writing, not because he makes amazing characters or one-of-a-kind storylines, but because his concepts are those that always tend to spark my interest. I think I was holding my breath for much of this book, because the IDEA of being under the water, at the bottom of the ocean is one that I get the chills thinking about. I love this author, regardless of others who criticize his actual writing. I find the scientific elements of his books fascinating, this one being no exception.
126	zhossainzadeh	4	I thought Poison Study was fantastic and up to about half way, this book wasn't that bad but then everything changed - the characters were no longer the characters they were in the first book and had devolved rather than evolved. The premise of the first book was so good but it was almost as if the author couldn't decide what the book was to be about and the result is just a mess. Being a fan of fantasy fiction I'm happy to let a lot of things go but some if this just wasn't believable and then started to be a bit, well, cheesy. A real shame as it could have really worked. I'm going to read the next book as I'm interested to see where it is going.
126	stalebi	4	I thought Poison Study was fantastic and up to about half way, this book wasn't that bad but then everything changed - the characters were no longer the characters they were in the first book and had devolved rather than evolved. The premise of the first book was so good but it was almost as if the author couldn't decide what the book was to be about and the result is just a mess. Being a fan of fantasy fiction I'm happy to let a lot of things go but some if this just wasn't believable and then started to be a bit, well, cheesy. A real shame as it could have really worked. I'm going to read the next book as I'm interested to see where it is going.
127	zhossainzadeh	4	This book is a failure. The characters are fatally underdeveloped, which totally saps the drama out of things. Also, some of the writing is frustratingly vague and hard to follow. However, I can't deny that I found it at times an intriguing failure and I appreciated how weird it was. There were individual moments and bits of prose that really struck me. Taken as a whole this didn't work for me, but bits of it were compelling.
127	stalebi	4	This book is a failure. The characters are fatally underdeveloped, which totally saps the drama out of things. Also, some of the writing is frustratingly vague and hard to follow. However, I can't deny that I found it at times an intriguing failure and I appreciated how weird it was. There were individual moments and bits of prose that really struck me. Taken as a whole this didn't work for me, but bits of it were compelling.
128	zhossainzadeh	4	Stylistically, I found this book quite witty and well written. India Black had a clever, biting narrative voice that immediately hooked me in. However, style was all this had going for it. The actual meat of the story was totally underwhelming. I was not intrigued or entertained by the plot at all, and no character outside of India leapt off the page to engage me. Even India's charms as a protagonist wear off because her narration, while fun at times, is one note.
128	stalebi	4	Stylistically, I found this book quite witty and well written. India Black had a clever, biting narrative voice that immediately hooked me in. However, style was all this had going for it. The actual meat of the story was totally underwhelming. I was not intrigued or entertained by the plot at all, and no character outside of India leapt off the page to engage me. Even India's charms as a protagonist wear off because her narration, while fun at times, is one note.
129	zhossainzadeh	4	This book is just pure fun. From page one to the last I was totally riveted by all the political and interpersonal intrigue. Peggy is such a devious anti-hero, I loved reading about her. All the other characters, from the rest of the Shippen family to Benedict Arnold to the servants are great fun to read about as well. The plot is excellently paced and structured and the descriptions are detailed enough to provide great historical color but they never bog the story down. So happy I read this.
129	stalebi	4	This book is just pure fun. From page one to the last I was totally riveted by all the political and interpersonal intrigue. Peggy is such a devious anti-hero, I loved reading about her. All the other characters, from the rest of the Shippen family to Benedict Arnold to the servants are great fun to read about as well. The plot is excellently paced and structured and the descriptions are detailed enough to provide great historical color but they never bog the story down. So happy I read this.
130	stalebi	4	A witty and charming alternative history of the last days of King Edward and his very temporary successor the doomed nine day queen Lady Jane Grey. This is a lightweight, comedic work full of wisecracks and deliberately anachronistic language and references. The plot also includes a fantasy element that re-casts the Catholic vs. Protestant tension of the time as a clash between the magical shape shifting Edians (who take on a variety of animal forms) and the Verities who wish to destroy them. This book is really well written and super fun from beginning to end. I enjoyed it heartily and I think anyone in the mood for some historical fiction brain candy will as well.
130	zhossainzadeh	4	A witty and charming alternative history of the last days of King Edward and his very temporary successor the doomed nine day queen Lady Jane Grey. This is a lightweight, comedic work full of wisecracks and deliberately anachronistic language and references. The plot also includes a fantasy element that re-casts the Catholic vs. Protestant tension of the time as a clash between the magical shape shifting Edians (who take on a variety of animal forms) and the Verities who wish to destroy them. This book is really well written and super fun from beginning to end. I enjoyed it heartily and I think anyone in the mood for some historical fiction brain candy will as well.
131	stalebi	4	"McCammon is such a colorful, exciting writer that his books are fun to read even when they're half baked, as this one was. This book is much shorter than any other volume of the Matthew Corbett saga and I was a little disappointed by how simplistic the plot was. The opening set up, Matthew travels down south for a relaxing, recuperative assignment as a paid escort to a debutante, is bizarre and has little connection to the main story. The ""mystery"" murder is solved almost immediately after its introduction, setting us up for another chase story a la Mister Slaughter, along the River of Souls. A superficial but entertaining enough page turner. Not as rich as other volumes in the series."
131	zhossainzadeh	4	"McCammon is such a colorful, exciting writer that his books are fun to read even when they're half baked, as this one was. This book is much shorter than any other volume of the Matthew Corbett saga and I was a little disappointed by how simplistic the plot was. The opening set up, Matthew travels down south for a relaxing, recuperative assignment as a paid escort to a debutante, is bizarre and has little connection to the main story. The ""mystery"" murder is solved almost immediately after its introduction, setting us up for another chase story a la Mister Slaughter, along the River of Souls. A superficial but entertaining enough page turner. Not as rich as other volumes in the series."
132	zhossainzadeh	4	"A good read but definitely my least favorite Mistborn novel. I have really come to care for these characters (in particular I love Steris with an unholy love) and their relationships to each other and there were definitely some cool concepts/plot twists but I also found the book way too action heavy and the third act ""twist"" involving a certain character's behavior/alliances didn't pack the emotional punch for me I think Sanderson wanted it to. There was so much interesting information about the politics of Elendel in the last volume, I really missed that this time around. I feel like the other Mistborn books all have a lot more going on then what is essentially a quest for magical artifact/heist narrative. I still look forward to how Sanderson is going to wrap up this installment of the Mistborn saga in the next book."
132	stalebi	4	"A good read but definitely my least favorite Mistborn novel. I have really come to care for these characters (in particular I love Steris with an unholy love) and their relationships to each other and there were definitely some cool concepts/plot twists but I also found the book way too action heavy and the third act ""twist"" involving a certain character's behavior/alliances didn't pack the emotional punch for me I think Sanderson wanted it to. There was so much interesting information about the politics of Elendel in the last volume, I really missed that this time around. I feel like the other Mistborn books all have a lot more going on then what is essentially a quest for magical artifact/heist narrative. I still look forward to how Sanderson is going to wrap up this installment of the Mistborn saga in the next book."
133	zhossainzadeh	4	This book is kind of tricky. It is pleasingly written stylistically and it's an easy read so I cruised along on the momentum of the smooth prose and the potential of what this book could have and should have been for a while before I realized that it is hollow and aimless. This is a book where the extraordinary is deliberately made mundane for some reason and characters are stubbornly underdeveloped. It is as if all the drama has been removed from this story, leaving a bloodless collection of 19th industrial factoids sprinkled amidst a bunch of ciphers enduring an oddly dull series of tragedies. Mildly entertaining for a while but ultimately unsatisfactory.
133	stalebi	4	This book is kind of tricky. It is pleasingly written stylistically and it's an easy read so I cruised along on the momentum of the smooth prose and the potential of what this book could have and should have been for a while before I realized that it is hollow and aimless. This is a book where the extraordinary is deliberately made mundane for some reason and characters are stubbornly underdeveloped. It is as if all the drama has been removed from this story, leaving a bloodless collection of 19th industrial factoids sprinkled amidst a bunch of ciphers enduring an oddly dull series of tragedies. Mildly entertaining for a while but ultimately unsatisfactory.
134	zhossainzadeh	4	A fascinating and well written book about a very interesting time period in New York City's history. Through the investigation of a series of brutal child murders we learn about the formation of the Copper Stars, the city's first police department, tensions between Irish immigrants and nativists, and Democratic machine politics among other things. Stylistically this book seamlessly employs nineteenth century slang and terminology in a way that I thought nicely complemented the historical information and commentary on the economic, social, cultural and political conditions of NYC in 1845. The mystery wraps up very satisfactorily and the characters are engaging.
134	stalebi	4	A fascinating and well written book about a very interesting time period in New York City's history. Through the investigation of a series of brutal child murders we learn about the formation of the Copper Stars, the city's first police department, tensions between Irish immigrants and nativists, and Democratic machine politics among other things. Stylistically this book seamlessly employs nineteenth century slang and terminology in a way that I thought nicely complemented the historical information and commentary on the economic, social, cultural and political conditions of NYC in 1845. The mystery wraps up very satisfactorily and the characters are engaging.
135	zhossainzadeh	4	I received this book via OwlCrate and I didn't really have any expectations prior to reading it, but I found it to be surprisingly lovely and curious. I had no foreknowledge about the real people or events that took place, but this historical fiction is so well researched and well written, that I found myself researching while reading to learn more. When considering that only one line of the real Ginevra's poetry survived, that one line speaks volumes to the depth of her character, and I think Elliot was able to capture that and bring her to life in a way that was, in my mind, probably quite realistic. The portrayal of Leonardo da Vinci is almost as astounding. Perhaps it is more due to my lack of knowledge of his history and that he is most often portrayed in the latter of his life, bearded and lauded as in inventor and engineer, but the glimpse of his life as a young man was intriguing and tantalizing. This book was truly and unexpected pleasure and may well be one of the most memorable I've read this year.
135	stalebi	4	I received this book via OwlCrate and I didn't really have any expectations prior to reading it, but I found it to be surprisingly lovely and curious. I had no foreknowledge about the real people or events that took place, but this historical fiction is so well researched and well written, that I found myself researching while reading to learn more. When considering that only one line of the real Ginevra's poetry survived, that one line speaks volumes to the depth of her character, and I think Elliot was able to capture that and bring her to life in a way that was, in my mind, probably quite realistic. The portrayal of Leonardo da Vinci is almost as astounding. Perhaps it is more due to my lack of knowledge of his history and that he is most often portrayed in the latter of his life, bearded and lauded as in inventor and engineer, but the glimpse of his life as a young man was intriguing and tantalizing. This book was truly and unexpected pleasure and may well be one of the most memorable I've read this year.
136	stalebi	4	After reading just the first few pages of this absorbing fantasy novel, readers will swear that the authors has magical powers of her own. The action, the characters, the mythology, the setting- every element of this tale shimmers off the page. Street smart con artist Nahri will steal you heart just like she eventually enchants Dara, the djinn that she accidentally summons. These reluctant partners must work together to escape foes from Dara's past, discover the full potential of Nahri's talents, and learn their roles in a kingdom fraught with a tangled history and dark betrayals. The next book in the trilogy cannot come soon enough! This ARC was provided by HarperCollins, in exchange for an honest review.
136	zhossainzadeh	4	After reading just the first few pages of this absorbing fantasy novel, readers will swear that the authors has magical powers of her own. The action, the characters, the mythology, the setting- every element of this tale shimmers off the page. Street smart con artist Nahri will steal you heart just like she eventually enchants Dara, the djinn that she accidentally summons. These reluctant partners must work together to escape foes from Dara's past, discover the full potential of Nahri's talents, and learn their roles in a kingdom fraught with a tangled history and dark betrayals. The next book in the trilogy cannot come soon enough! This ARC was provided by HarperCollins, in exchange for an honest review.
137	stalebi	4	Everyone knows the basics of the true story of Lizzie Borden and the scandalous murder of her father and stepmother, but Sarah Schmidt delves into that event with a chilling and slippery tale that offers new perspective to the old tale. Readers will be drawn down into the madness of the Borden household, and they'll be left wondering about the full truth of the event until the final pages. Thanks to Atlantic/Ingram for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
137	zhossainzadeh	4	Everyone knows the basics of the true story of Lizzie Borden and the scandalous murder of her father and stepmother, but Sarah Schmidt delves into that event with a chilling and slippery tale that offers new perspective to the old tale. Readers will be drawn down into the madness of the Borden household, and they'll be left wondering about the full truth of the event until the final pages. Thanks to Atlantic/Ingram for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
138	zhossainzadeh	4	Sadie Blue was determined to make something of herself, despite the harsh nature of her childhood in the little mountain town of Baines Creek. What seemed like true love and a hope for a brighter future tarnished within days, however- now, at 17, she is stuck with an abusive, drunk bastard of a husband, and no way out until she begins to realize that her humble little community might hold the answer to her prayers if she's brave enough to reach out. This story, set in 1970s Appalachia, is a tale of sorrow and triumph, a cathartic read that drags you low from the first sentence in order to ensure that you feel the release when Sadie finally gains her well-earned happiness. Weiss reveals terrible truths in subtle phrases, showing readers a long legacy of misery, hardship and bad choices that Sadie must fight to break free of. If the Creek Don't Rise is full of compelling and engaging characters and an intricately crafted setting that makes the back woods folklore and simple kind of justice feel right at home. Thank you to Sourcebooks for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
138	stalebi	4	Sadie Blue was determined to make something of herself, despite the harsh nature of her childhood in the little mountain town of Baines Creek. What seemed like true love and a hope for a brighter future tarnished within days, however- now, at 17, she is stuck with an abusive, drunk bastard of a husband, and no way out until she begins to realize that her humble little community might hold the answer to her prayers if she's brave enough to reach out. This story, set in 1970s Appalachia, is a tale of sorrow and triumph, a cathartic read that drags you low from the first sentence in order to ensure that you feel the release when Sadie finally gains her well-earned happiness. Weiss reveals terrible truths in subtle phrases, showing readers a long legacy of misery, hardship and bad choices that Sadie must fight to break free of. If the Creek Don't Rise is full of compelling and engaging characters and an intricately crafted setting that makes the back woods folklore and simple kind of justice feel right at home. Thank you to Sourcebooks for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
139	stalebi	4	Adebayo has penned a powerful and heartbreaking tale that takes on big issues such as fidelity, political upheaval, belief, cultural norms, tragedy, fear, and family, and makes them personal. She tells the story of two lovers, Yejide and Akin, who begin their marriage with the assurance that unlike many in Nigeria, they can make a family with just the two of them, and hopefully a baby or two. When time passes, and they are not blessed with children, Akin bows to family pressure and takes a second wife, a betrayal that sends Yekide on a devastating path that will affect more than just the relationship between husband and wife. This is a stellar debut. With thanks to Knopf/Random House, this ARC was obtained at BookExpo17 in exchange for an honest review.
139	zhossainzadeh	4	Adebayo has penned a powerful and heartbreaking tale that takes on big issues such as fidelity, political upheaval, belief, cultural norms, tragedy, fear, and family, and makes them personal. She tells the story of two lovers, Yejide and Akin, who begin their marriage with the assurance that unlike many in Nigeria, they can make a family with just the two of them, and hopefully a baby or two. When time passes, and they are not blessed with children, Akin bows to family pressure and takes a second wife, a betrayal that sends Yekide on a devastating path that will affect more than just the relationship between husband and wife. This is a stellar debut. With thanks to Knopf/Random House, this ARC was obtained at BookExpo17 in exchange for an honest review.
140	stalebi	4	Hearkening back to the sinister feel of old fairy tales and legends, McGuire combines damn fine storytelling with a dark and twisted take on the lands that can only be reached through hidden doorways found by chosen ones under the right (or wrong?) circumstances. Magic and atmosphere just shimmer off the page, while the author sneaks in food for thought about identity, familial bonds, and the essential need for a child to be allowed to choose their own path- in both a literal and allegorical sense. This is the tale of lost siblings Jack and Jill as only Seanan McGuire could envision. Thank you to Macmillan and Tor for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
140	zhossainzadeh	4	Hearkening back to the sinister feel of old fairy tales and legends, McGuire combines damn fine storytelling with a dark and twisted take on the lands that can only be reached through hidden doorways found by chosen ones under the right (or wrong?) circumstances. Magic and atmosphere just shimmer off the page, while the author sneaks in food for thought about identity, familial bonds, and the essential need for a child to be allowed to choose their own path- in both a literal and allegorical sense. This is the tale of lost siblings Jack and Jill as only Seanan McGuire could envision. Thank you to Macmillan and Tor for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
141	zhossainzadeh	4	When Tea discovers that she is a Bone Witch with powers over death, her old life ends in an instant; she is whisked away from everything familiar so she can learn to control her potentially destructive new skill. Tea trains, makes new friends and adversaries, gets caught up in political machinations, and begins to open herself up to potential love interests. Throughout this tale of new adventures, dangers and experiences, Chupeco also gives the reader plenty of warning of dark times to come- a jaded slightly older Tea also plays a part, and she is bent on bringing chaos and revenge to her enemies. While this novel drags at times as Chupeco builds a solid foundation for her world, and Tea was not always an enjoyable character, this is a book I would recommend to my teen patrons, and for my own part, I plan on keeping an eye out for the sequel. Thank you to Sourcebooks Fire and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
141	stalebi	4	When Tea discovers that she is a Bone Witch with powers over death, her old life ends in an instant; she is whisked away from everything familiar so she can learn to control her potentially destructive new skill. Tea trains, makes new friends and adversaries, gets caught up in political machinations, and begins to open herself up to potential love interests. Throughout this tale of new adventures, dangers and experiences, Chupeco also gives the reader plenty of warning of dark times to come- a jaded slightly older Tea also plays a part, and she is bent on bringing chaos and revenge to her enemies. While this novel drags at times as Chupeco builds a solid foundation for her world, and Tea was not always an enjoyable character, this is a book I would recommend to my teen patrons, and for my own part, I plan on keeping an eye out for the sequel. Thank you to Sourcebooks Fire and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
142	stalebi	4	Devastating, infuriating, and completely engaging, Moore skillfully conveys the true story of the legion of young women who worked with radium at their highly sought after factory jobs during World War I. Although they were unaware of the dangers of this new wonder element, there were others who knew that they were putting money and power over these ladies' lives and carried on anyway. Failed by so many, their bodies disintegrating from the inside out, often ostracized by their communities, they fought literally until their last breath to gain justice through the court systems and protect future workers from deadly or hazardous conditions. Utterly heartbreaking and highly recommended. Special thanks to Sourcebooks for providing this arc in exchange for an honest review.
142	zhossainzadeh	4	Devastating, infuriating, and completely engaging, Moore skillfully conveys the true story of the legion of young women who worked with radium at their highly sought after factory jobs during World War I. Although they were unaware of the dangers of this new wonder element, there were others who knew that they were putting money and power over these ladies' lives and carried on anyway. Failed by so many, their bodies disintegrating from the inside out, often ostracized by their communities, they fought literally until their last breath to gain justice through the court systems and protect future workers from deadly or hazardous conditions. Utterly heartbreaking and highly recommended. Special thanks to Sourcebooks for providing this arc in exchange for an honest review.
143	stalebi	4	Dean Koontz- typically known for his supernatural horror novels- makes a bit of a departure in his newest book, and I think fans will wholeheartedly approve. The Silent Corner is the first in a new series; a techno-thriller that has the action of a Bourne story and the dangerous scientific advancement of a Crichton adventure. Jane Hawk, the protagonist, is a great character- smart and brave, a respected FBI agent, and a widow who is determined to prove that there is more to her husband's death than a simple suicide. When she takes leave from her job to secretly investigate a string of similarly suspicious deaths, she is the only one who sees a connection- but she knows that something evil is in play. Jane's quest for the truth will uncover a frightening conspiracy that will put her and those she loves in grave danger- and readers will be glued to every page. Thank you to Bantam/Random House and Edelweiss for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
143	zhossainzadeh	4	Dean Koontz- typically known for his supernatural horror novels- makes a bit of a departure in his newest book, and I think fans will wholeheartedly approve. The Silent Corner is the first in a new series; a techno-thriller that has the action of a Bourne story and the dangerous scientific advancement of a Crichton adventure. Jane Hawk, the protagonist, is a great character- smart and brave, a respected FBI agent, and a widow who is determined to prove that there is more to her husband's death than a simple suicide. When she takes leave from her job to secretly investigate a string of similarly suspicious deaths, she is the only one who sees a connection- but she knows that something evil is in play. Jane's quest for the truth will uncover a frightening conspiracy that will put her and those she loves in grave danger- and readers will be glued to every page. Thank you to Bantam/Random House and Edelweiss for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
144	zhossainzadeh	4	Fantasy powerhouse Neil Gaiman tackles ancient folklore in his latest work, Norse Mythology. Perfectly envisioning Loki's sneaky nature, Thor's single minded strength, and Odin's sage confidence, Gaiman's vibrant writing presents a world full of treachery, triumph, never-ending wars and one-upmanship, populated by wonderfully larger than life characters. Before you realize it, you'll be as enthralled as a child sitting around a campfire, listening to an elder tell mesmerizing tall tales of adventures from the distant past. Thanks to W. W. Norton & Company for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
144	stalebi	4	Fantasy powerhouse Neil Gaiman tackles ancient folklore in his latest work, Norse Mythology. Perfectly envisioning Loki's sneaky nature, Thor's single minded strength, and Odin's sage confidence, Gaiman's vibrant writing presents a world full of treachery, triumph, never-ending wars and one-upmanship, populated by wonderfully larger than life characters. Before you realize it, you'll be as enthralled as a child sitting around a campfire, listening to an elder tell mesmerizing tall tales of adventures from the distant past. Thanks to W. W. Norton & Company for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
145	zhossainzadeh	4	Ordinary lives in the hands of a master storyteller are turned into a thing of beauty in Patchett's latest novel Commonwealth. The Cousins and Keating families are irrevocably tied together the moment that Bert Cousins and Beverly Keating first lock eyes and decide to push aside their respective marriage vows to indulge in an affair. From that point forward, the lives of the four adults and six children can be seen in a kaleidoscope pattern; showing different shades of the same complex extended family- a youthful excursion here, a marriage dispute there, next a display of shifting loyalties, followed by the bittersweet memory of a loved one lost too soon. The vignettes are always changing, seemingly prosaic and common, but strangely beautiful. Astonishingly absorbing, this novel will certainly strike familiar notes with any reader, and hopefully encourage them to cherish the messy, painful, and wonderful aspects of their own multi-layered family. This novel was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
145	stalebi	4	Ordinary lives in the hands of a master storyteller are turned into a thing of beauty in Patchett's latest novel Commonwealth. The Cousins and Keating families are irrevocably tied together the moment that Bert Cousins and Beverly Keating first lock eyes and decide to push aside their respective marriage vows to indulge in an affair. From that point forward, the lives of the four adults and six children can be seen in a kaleidoscope pattern; showing different shades of the same complex extended family- a youthful excursion here, a marriage dispute there, next a display of shifting loyalties, followed by the bittersweet memory of a loved one lost too soon. The vignettes are always changing, seemingly prosaic and common, but strangely beautiful. Astonishingly absorbing, this novel will certainly strike familiar notes with any reader, and hopefully encourage them to cherish the messy, painful, and wonderful aspects of their own multi-layered family. This novel was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
146	stalebi	4	I have always felt that there is something inherently sinister about marionettes: The fixed expressions with their gleaming, shallow eyes; Their jagged, spider-like movements; The hollow, clicking sounds that serve as harbingers of their physical intentions. To me, they have never seemed whimsical or childlike. Donohue capitalizes on that not uncommon reaction with an eerie yet lyrical tale of a woman who seeks escape from danger and drudgery and finds herself in a nightmare world that little by little feels like home, and the earnest husband who yearns to bring her back to his side even if the journey towards that end threatens to cost them both more than they can spare. Allegory, adventure, magic and menace combine in a unique take on an old myth. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
146	zhossainzadeh	4	I have always felt that there is something inherently sinister about marionettes: The fixed expressions with their gleaming, shallow eyes; Their jagged, spider-like movements; The hollow, clicking sounds that serve as harbingers of their physical intentions. To me, they have never seemed whimsical or childlike. Donohue capitalizes on that not uncommon reaction with an eerie yet lyrical tale of a woman who seeks escape from danger and drudgery and finds herself in a nightmare world that little by little feels like home, and the earnest husband who yearns to bring her back to his side even if the journey towards that end threatens to cost them both more than they can spare. Allegory, adventure, magic and menace combine in a unique take on an old myth. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
147	stalebi	3	I give this book a 3.5 out of 5 stars. I really enjoyed it and all the characters in it. Just wished that the main character had a little more backbone. Also, the political angle was over-simplified but I know that politics isn't the main theme of the story, what with it being a light contemporary read and all. Overall, I really liked it and would definitely recommend it.
147	zhossainzadeh	3	I give this book a 3.5 out of 5 stars. I really enjoyed it and all the characters in it. Just wished that the main character had a little more backbone. Also, the political angle was over-simplified but I know that politics isn't the main theme of the story, what with it being a light contemporary read and all. Overall, I really liked it and would definitely recommend it.
148	stalebi	3	While I enjoyed Cruel Beauty more, this story was so meticulously crafted, it was impossible not to admire the great deal of detail and ingenuity that went into creating it. Every word and scene were vital to the plot and came full circle. Nothing was superfluous and the protagonist was very admirable. Great story, Ms Hodge.
148	zhossainzadeh	3	While I enjoyed Cruel Beauty more, this story was so meticulously crafted, it was impossible not to admire the great deal of detail and ingenuity that went into creating it. Every word and scene were vital to the plot and came full circle. Nothing was superfluous and the protagonist was very admirable. Great story, Ms Hodge.
149	stalebi	3	Two gleaming, sad, pristine stories about loss and healing. They're written with a lot of sentiment, which translates into beauty sometimes and corniness at other times. I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Katayama's Socrates in Love, for instance, but I also got the feeling, several times, that Yoshimoto writes like Murakami haters like to think Murakami writes.
149	zhossainzadeh	3	Two gleaming, sad, pristine stories about loss and healing. They're written with a lot of sentiment, which translates into beauty sometimes and corniness at other times. I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Katayama's Socrates in Love, for instance, but I also got the feeling, several times, that Yoshimoto writes like Murakami haters like to think Murakami writes.
150	zhossainzadeh	3	This was a great tale. It was written for children obviously, and it has a fairy tale feeling to it. The whole time reading this I kept thinking about how I can't wait to read it to my kids when they get older. How did I not read this when I was younger? Absolutely delightful!
150	stalebi	3	This was a great tale. It was written for children obviously, and it has a fairy tale feeling to it. The whole time reading this I kept thinking about how I can't wait to read it to my kids when they get older. How did I not read this when I was younger? Absolutely delightful!
151	stalebi	3	I couldn't make it through this. I only started reading it because it was featured in one of my favorite movies from my teen years, Ever After. The main character quoted it and for some stupid reason I was determined to read it. It's really short, but the writing style from the 1500's is MUCH different from ours. And I thought that Jane Austen was a challenging read! So, I gave up about halfway through, and I'm ok with that.
151	zhossainzadeh	3	I couldn't make it through this. I only started reading it because it was featured in one of my favorite movies from my teen years, Ever After. The main character quoted it and for some stupid reason I was determined to read it. It's really short, but the writing style from the 1500's is MUCH different from ours. And I thought that Jane Austen was a challenging read! So, I gave up about halfway through, and I'm ok with that.
152	zhossainzadeh	3	Nothing unique about this concept, but to me, the medical/biological/scientific suspense novels don't get old. I have been a fan of Michael Crichton, and I like his writing style a lot, so this book was one that I liked. He doesn't create memorable characters, but the concepts themselves are very exciting.
152	stalebi	3	Nothing unique about this concept, but to me, the medical/biological/scientific suspense novels don't get old. I have been a fan of Michael Crichton, and I like his writing style a lot, so this book was one that I liked. He doesn't create memorable characters, but the concepts themselves are very exciting.
153	zhossainzadeh	3	Deeply engaging, and odd. I hate that I don't understand the book but I'm even more confused to how I can't hate it. In fact, it's odd that I enjoy it despite not being able to understand it. Something mysteriously unfortunate happened to the guy and until the very end, the mystery was not solved, and he remain unfortunate. Odd, but I like it. I think.
153	stalebi	3	Deeply engaging, and odd. I hate that I don't understand the book but I'm even more confused to how I can't hate it. In fact, it's odd that I enjoy it despite not being able to understand it. Something mysteriously unfortunate happened to the guy and until the very end, the mystery was not solved, and he remain unfortunate. Odd, but I like it. I think.
154	stalebi	3	I really liked Emery as a character. I found her to be quite relatable and pleasant to read about. I would have preferred the POV not to shift that often but that is just a personal preference. It was an exciting read leaving me wanting more. Managed to read it in a single sit so that is a sign that it was definitely enjoyable.
154	zhossainzadeh	3	I really liked Emery as a character. I found her to be quite relatable and pleasant to read about. I would have preferred the POV not to shift that often but that is just a personal preference. It was an exciting read leaving me wanting more. Managed to read it in a single sit so that is a sign that it was definitely enjoyable.
155	stalebi	3	I felt the dual point of view was well-rendered. Male and female protaganist voices felt true and balanced. I enjoyed the pacing, and felt the foreshadowing was adequate without being intrusive. Of course, as a fan of romance fiction I was disappointed by the ending...and thankful that Return to Paradise had been published so I could continue the story!
155	zhossainzadeh	3	I felt the dual point of view was well-rendered. Male and female protaganist voices felt true and balanced. I enjoyed the pacing, and felt the foreshadowing was adequate without being intrusive. Of course, as a fan of romance fiction I was disappointed by the ending...and thankful that Return to Paradise had been published so I could continue the story!
156	stalebi	3	I enjoyed this book well enough to read it in one sitting. Willig has a light, witty writing style that really keeps the pages turning but doesn't prevent her from exploring heavier emotional issues (grief, familial dysfunction and abandonment, aristocratic vices of all types, post-WWI trauma) with skill and insight. Consistently intriguing characters and an entertainingly twisty plot. I would highly recommend this.
156	zhossainzadeh	3	I enjoyed this book well enough to read it in one sitting. Willig has a light, witty writing style that really keeps the pages turning but doesn't prevent her from exploring heavier emotional issues (grief, familial dysfunction and abandonment, aristocratic vices of all types, post-WWI trauma) with skill and insight. Consistently intriguing characters and an entertainingly twisty plot. I would highly recommend this.
157	zhossainzadeh	3	This was a quick, easy read that didn't excel in any way but also didn't have glaring problems. The premise, the plot, the characters, the prose were all good enough to justify the time spent reading. I was interested enough to keep turning the pages. This book was pretty simplistic in terms of plotting and characterizations. It also seemed generic and formulaic so while I enjoyed it well enough to read it in two sittings in less than 24 hours, I doubt it will stick in my mind long. All in all this is a pleasant but not particularly memorable way to kill a few hours, nothing more and nothing less.
157	stalebi	3	This was a quick, easy read that didn't excel in any way but also didn't have glaring problems. The premise, the plot, the characters, the prose were all good enough to justify the time spent reading. I was interested enough to keep turning the pages. This book was pretty simplistic in terms of plotting and characterizations. It also seemed generic and formulaic so while I enjoyed it well enough to read it in two sittings in less than 24 hours, I doubt it will stick in my mind long. All in all this is a pleasant but not particularly memorable way to kill a few hours, nothing more and nothing less.
158	zhossainzadeh	3	I enjoyed reading this book but I don't think it was very good. It is a weird, entertaining but superficial and tonally confused trash read which is not what I expected going in. There are clever ideas and writing here but the world building is pretty half assed and Atwood's focus on madcap sexual misadventure crowds out other potentially interesting things she could have done with her premise and her characters. I wanted a lot more detail about how Consilience/Positron worked internally and in relation to the outside world than I received because Atwood was too busy focusing on adultery and Elvis sex robots.
158	stalebi	3	I enjoyed reading this book but I don't think it was very good. It is a weird, entertaining but superficial and tonally confused trash read which is not what I expected going in. There are clever ideas and writing here but the world building is pretty half assed and Atwood's focus on madcap sexual misadventure crowds out other potentially interesting things she could have done with her premise and her characters. I wanted a lot more detail about how Consilience/Positron worked internally and in relation to the outside world than I received because Atwood was too busy focusing on adultery and Elvis sex robots.
159	zhossainzadeh	3	I didn't totally buy this book. I thought there were internal inconsistencies in the world building and some of the characters' decisions were not well justified in text. Even with these reservations though this was an entertaining book that's worth reading. Black mashes up a lot of different ways of seeing vampirism and this book has some very vivid imagery that really stays with the reader. It's good enough to justify the time spent reading it though it isn't fully successful in concept or execution.
159	stalebi	3	I didn't totally buy this book. I thought there were internal inconsistencies in the world building and some of the characters' decisions were not well justified in text. Even with these reservations though this was an entertaining book that's worth reading. Black mashes up a lot of different ways of seeing vampirism and this book has some very vivid imagery that really stays with the reader. It's good enough to justify the time spent reading it though it isn't fully successful in concept or execution.
160	zhossainzadeh	3	This was quite the nifty book. I really enjoyed exploring the world Cheney created. I know less than nothing about Portuguese history so I approached this as the type of book where the author builds her own unique world rather than as a story that has anything to do with real life Portugal, though this does have some of the stylistic trappings of historical fiction that I enjoy. Interesting characters, an ambitious multi-layered mystery, solid prose, a highly enjoyable read for sure. I look forward to reading the next volume.
160	stalebi	3	This was quite the nifty book. I really enjoyed exploring the world Cheney created. I know less than nothing about Portuguese history so I approached this as the type of book where the author builds her own unique world rather than as a story that has anything to do with real life Portugal, though this does have some of the stylistic trappings of historical fiction that I enjoy. Interesting characters, an ambitious multi-layered mystery, solid prose, a highly enjoyable read for sure. I look forward to reading the next volume.
161	zhossainzadeh	3	3.5 stars. This is a really fun read. It is definitely on the light and fluffy side so if you're expecting serious, heavy historical fiction you'll be disappointed but if you want to enjoy some Napoleonic France era spy hijinks, witty writing, vivid and spirited characters, and romance this book will hit the spot. This book is really quite silly at points but it has a lot of charm. It is like a big dumb puppy in book form. The chapters set in the present day are totally lame and unnecessary but they aren't a huge part of the story so they don't detract too much from the overall reading experience.
161	stalebi	3	3.5 stars. This is a really fun read. It is definitely on the light and fluffy side so if you're expecting serious, heavy historical fiction you'll be disappointed but if you want to enjoy some Napoleonic France era spy hijinks, witty writing, vivid and spirited characters, and romance this book will hit the spot. This book is really quite silly at points but it has a lot of charm. It is like a big dumb puppy in book form. The chapters set in the present day are totally lame and unnecessary but they aren't a huge part of the story so they don't detract too much from the overall reading experience.
162	stalebi	3	"It took me a little while to acclimate to this book. At first I found the time jumps jarring and the dialogue over stylized. However once I got into the rhythm of the story I thought it was pretty awesome. This is set in a fascinating historical time period (San Francisco 1876) and in addition to the main plot we get great information about a heat wave, a small pox outbreak, race riots, baby farms, corrupt juvenile ""reformatories,"" legal prosecution of cross dressing, etc. The characters are dazzling and complicated and enthralling and the backdrop is great. This book is a bit messy narratively for sure but it is so cool and unique and engrossing I would highly recommend it."
162	zhossainzadeh	3	"It took me a little while to acclimate to this book. At first I found the time jumps jarring and the dialogue over stylized. However once I got into the rhythm of the story I thought it was pretty awesome. This is set in a fascinating historical time period (San Francisco 1876) and in addition to the main plot we get great information about a heat wave, a small pox outbreak, race riots, baby farms, corrupt juvenile ""reformatories,"" legal prosecution of cross dressing, etc. The characters are dazzling and complicated and enthralling and the backdrop is great. This book is a bit messy narratively for sure but it is so cool and unique and engrossing I would highly recommend it."
163	stalebi	3	Cool plot and world building coupled with some really cheeseball writing. I was interested and impressed by many of the things in this book. I liked the premise, the mythology, the pacing, and I found the plot pretty consistently involving. However I also spent some time rolling my eyes at the pedestrian prose, all the stupid asides about clothes, make up and cars, everything having to do with generic yet improbable super jerk Jericho Barrons. A fun read though as long as you set your expectations to guilty pleasure rather than high quality literature. I picked up the second book right away despite the flaws in this one.
163	zhossainzadeh	3	Cool plot and world building coupled with some really cheeseball writing. I was interested and impressed by many of the things in this book. I liked the premise, the mythology, the pacing, and I found the plot pretty consistently involving. However I also spent some time rolling my eyes at the pedestrian prose, all the stupid asides about clothes, make up and cars, everything having to do with generic yet improbable super jerk Jericho Barrons. A fun read though as long as you set your expectations to guilty pleasure rather than high quality literature. I picked up the second book right away despite the flaws in this one.
164	zhossainzadeh	3	This book was just awesome. Beautiful writing, unique and well developed mythology and world building, interesting and complex characters, moral complexity and nuance, a plausible romance (I usually hate love at first sight story lines, this might be the only book I have ever read that actually pulled one off). I just loved this one. Can't wait to read the second.
164	stalebi	3	This book was just awesome. Beautiful writing, unique and well developed mythology and world building, interesting and complex characters, moral complexity and nuance, a plausible romance (I usually hate love at first sight story lines, this might be the only book I have ever read that actually pulled one off). I just loved this one. Can't wait to read the second.
165	stalebi	3	"The five loosely interconnected vignettes gathered here vary so wildly in quality it is hard to rate the book as a whole. This book chronicles four relationships at different stages of their development (from a quick affair to a forty year marriage), and through at least some of them hits on some pretty interesting points about how couples manage the joys and stresses of married life. These relationship narratives are framed by the sorry of Frances Gerety, the advertiser who coined the slogan ""Diamonds are Forever"". Here is how I would rank the sections in terms of quality, from best to worst: Evelyn/1972, James/1987, Frances 1947-88, Kate/2012, Delphine/2003. The best plot lines are really well developed, but the two weakest plots are tedious (Kate) and eye gougingly annoying (Delphine)."
165	zhossainzadeh	3	"The five loosely interconnected vignettes gathered here vary so wildly in quality it is hard to rate the book as a whole. This book chronicles four relationships at different stages of their development (from a quick affair to a forty year marriage), and through at least some of them hits on some pretty interesting points about how couples manage the joys and stresses of married life. These relationship narratives are framed by the sorry of Frances Gerety, the advertiser who coined the slogan ""Diamonds are Forever"". Here is how I would rank the sections in terms of quality, from best to worst: Evelyn/1972, James/1987, Frances 1947-88, Kate/2012, Delphine/2003. The best plot lines are really well developed, but the two weakest plots are tedious (Kate) and eye gougingly annoying (Delphine)."
166	zhossainzadeh	3	Fascinating, horrifying, unputdownable. Very educational and insightful. Surprisingly beautifully written given the grim subject matter. What a story and what an accomplished telling of it.
166	stalebi	3	Fascinating, horrifying, unputdownable. Very educational and insightful. Surprisingly beautifully written given the grim subject matter. What a story and what an accomplished telling of it.
167	stalebi	3	I found the first half of this book underwhelming: I thought too much time was spent in the present, which was very generic chick lit, and some aspects of the time travel bugged me (how easily the men accepted the presence of a time traveling modern woman and how incurious they were about the future, how neither Eva or Daniel struggle much with time travel logistically and/or philosophically). However I must confess the second half of the book won me over with its charm and sweetness, despite the narrative problems. This books grows on you, and Eva and Daniel have a blessedly warm, non-annoying romance. It is sort of thin and shallow but also genuinely heartwarming so I give it three stars for the emotional engagement I felt with the second half of the narrative and for the beautiful descriptions of Cornwall.
167	zhossainzadeh	3	I found the first half of this book underwhelming: I thought too much time was spent in the present, which was very generic chick lit, and some aspects of the time travel bugged me (how easily the men accepted the presence of a time traveling modern woman and how incurious they were about the future, how neither Eva or Daniel struggle much with time travel logistically and/or philosophically). However I must confess the second half of the book won me over with its charm and sweetness, despite the narrative problems. This books grows on you, and Eva and Daniel have a blessedly warm, non-annoying romance. It is sort of thin and shallow but also genuinely heartwarming so I give it three stars for the emotional engagement I felt with the second half of the narrative and for the beautiful descriptions of Cornwall.
168	stalebi	3	2.5 stars. A really mixed bag. I really liked the premise and how the plot developed but the characterizations and interpersonal relationships were pretty anemic. My interest in the world itself was piqued, I liked both the war of the gods backstory as well as the current descriptions of Sky and Darr, but I didn't connect to any of the characters or care about them. The dreamy, reflective first person narration (Yeine is recalling this story at some undetermined point in the future) was also something I blew hot and cold on.
168	zhossainzadeh	3	2.5 stars. A really mixed bag. I really liked the premise and how the plot developed but the characterizations and interpersonal relationships were pretty anemic. My interest in the world itself was piqued, I liked both the war of the gods backstory as well as the current descriptions of Sky and Darr, but I didn't connect to any of the characters or care about them. The dreamy, reflective first person narration (Yeine is recalling this story at some undetermined point in the future) was also something I blew hot and cold on.
169	stalebi	3	This book is just barely worth reading despite its flaws. Some crazy stuff goes down in this book, and the way that these earth shattering events/activities are recalled with jaded boredom from the 14 year old protagonist is kind of interesting. However, this material needed to be dealt with in a longer novel, with more detail to do full justice to the subject matter. I never got a great sense of why this particular family operated the way it did, and since the story is told in first person narration, critical aspects of the other siblings' psyches remain unexamined. I can tell this book wants to be more than shock value for the sake of it but it is not very successful.
169	zhossainzadeh	3	This book is just barely worth reading despite its flaws. Some crazy stuff goes down in this book, and the way that these earth shattering events/activities are recalled with jaded boredom from the 14 year old protagonist is kind of interesting. However, this material needed to be dealt with in a longer novel, with more detail to do full justice to the subject matter. I never got a great sense of why this particular family operated the way it did, and since the story is told in first person narration, critical aspects of the other siblings' psyches remain unexamined. I can tell this book wants to be more than shock value for the sake of it but it is not very successful.
170	zhossainzadeh	3	Like the other Elizabeth Chadwick book I read (A Place Beyond Courage, about William Marshall's father) I found this really beautifully written and pleasingly descriptive. I love how immersed I feel in the time period. However, William Marshall is presented as a fairly two flat two dimensional goody goody character here. I also prefer my novels to contain more internal monologue from their protagonists. This book needed greater analysis of Marshall's inner life, his inner thoughts and feelings.
170	stalebi	3	Like the other Elizabeth Chadwick book I read (A Place Beyond Courage, about William Marshall's father) I found this really beautifully written and pleasingly descriptive. I love how immersed I feel in the time period. However, William Marshall is presented as a fairly two flat two dimensional goody goody character here. I also prefer my novels to contain more internal monologue from their protagonists. This book needed greater analysis of Marshall's inner life, his inner thoughts and feelings.
171	stalebi	3	I am happy to report this book is just as great as book one. It builds on the first book and sets the stage for the third in a deeply satisfying way while also having a well constructed beginning, middle and end of its own. Character development remains excellent, and the moral and intellectual sophistication of the narrative remains intact. These books are simultaneously mentally and emotionally engaging. The world building is so great I feel totally immersed in the book's universe. I can't wait to read book three!
171	zhossainzadeh	3	I am happy to report this book is just as great as book one. It builds on the first book and sets the stage for the third in a deeply satisfying way while also having a well constructed beginning, middle and end of its own. Character development remains excellent, and the moral and intellectual sophistication of the narrative remains intact. These books are simultaneously mentally and emotionally engaging. The world building is so great I feel totally immersed in the book's universe. I can't wait to read book three!
172	stalebi	3	Some of the stuff with the painting seems a little slapdash but the rest of this book is so good that it makes up for that minor flaw. Great characters, very tense narrative. I was gripped and horrified by the details of Rosie and Norman's horrendous abusive marriage and really enjoyed the structure of the book: the chapters alternate between Rosie establishing a new life in hiding and Norman pursuing her to kill her. Norman is a great antagonist and the protagonist is very engaging. Good supporting characters and scene setting as well.
172	zhossainzadeh	3	Some of the stuff with the painting seems a little slapdash but the rest of this book is so good that it makes up for that minor flaw. Great characters, very tense narrative. I was gripped and horrified by the details of Rosie and Norman's horrendous abusive marriage and really enjoyed the structure of the book: the chapters alternate between Rosie establishing a new life in hiding and Norman pursuing her to kill her. Norman is a great antagonist and the protagonist is very engaging. Good supporting characters and scene setting as well.
173	stalebi	3	This is an incredibly fast read (I read the whole thing on my morning bus ride and when I was administering midterms) but a really solid one. Great character development, I really understand who these people were and why they behaved the way they did. The relationship between Connor and Ann feels very true to life. A sophisticated and nuanced treatment of abusive relationships.
173	zhossainzadeh	3	This is an incredibly fast read (I read the whole thing on my morning bus ride and when I was administering midterms) but a really solid one. Great character development, I really understand who these people were and why they behaved the way they did. The relationship between Connor and Ann feels very true to life. A sophisticated and nuanced treatment of abusive relationships.
174	zhossainzadeh	3	Consistently entertaining and engaging though somewhat cliched at points. Character development was pretty strong and the prose was good. However, I can't help but wonder if this book would have been different if it came out after Dave Cullen's myth shattering book about Columbine, because this author seemed very wedded to a causal explanation of school shootings that seems a bit dated. This was pretty predictable. Marred by a really stupid twist at the end.
174	stalebi	3	Consistently entertaining and engaging though somewhat cliched at points. Character development was pretty strong and the prose was good. However, I can't help but wonder if this book would have been different if it came out after Dave Cullen's myth shattering book about Columbine, because this author seemed very wedded to a causal explanation of school shootings that seems a bit dated. This was pretty predictable. Marred by a really stupid twist at the end.
175	stalebi	3	"Without getting too heavily into spoilers this book has a contrived final act twist that undermines a lot of great work that comes before it. Also, both this last turn and the first supposed ""secret"" is very obvious to the audience long before the author actually gets around to spelling them out. That being said, if you can deal with coincidence to the point of contrivance in your narratives, this is very well written and interesting."
175	zhossainzadeh	3	"Without getting too heavily into spoilers this book has a contrived final act twist that undermines a lot of great work that comes before it. Also, both this last turn and the first supposed ""secret"" is very obvious to the audience long before the author actually gets around to spelling them out. That being said, if you can deal with coincidence to the point of contrivance in your narratives, this is very well written and interesting."
176	stalebi	3	While I enjoyed this book on the whole, the parallel structure of the protagonist's life was too neat and tidy. Did every event in Life A have to have a perfect mirror opposite in life B? This on the nose symmetry, which was almost never deviated from, made the narrative at times a little stale and predictable given the possibilities inherent in the premise. I would have appreciated some more boldness and creativity from the author in terms of plotting. Well drawn characters save it though.
176	zhossainzadeh	3	While I enjoyed this book on the whole, the parallel structure of the protagonist's life was too neat and tidy. Did every event in Life A have to have a perfect mirror opposite in life B? This on the nose symmetry, which was almost never deviated from, made the narrative at times a little stale and predictable given the possibilities inherent in the premise. I would have appreciated some more boldness and creativity from the author in terms of plotting. Well drawn characters save it though.
177	stalebi	3	Not nearly as strong as the first two books. Overly long, very repetitive. This is overloaded with dead end subplots and boring retreads of stuff already done better in the first two books. I was fine with how everyone ultimately ended up, but it was such a drag to get there. However, I was pleasantly surprised and very glad that (big spoiler about the ending under the tag)  the protagonist's love interest dies at the end both because I thought that was a bold and novel choice and because he was such an annoying character and their relationship was implausible.
177	zhossainzadeh	3	Not nearly as strong as the first two books. Overly long, very repetitive. This is overloaded with dead end subplots and boring retreads of stuff already done better in the first two books. I was fine with how everyone ultimately ended up, but it was such a drag to get there. However, I was pleasantly surprised and very glad that (big spoiler about the ending under the tag)  the protagonist's love interest dies at the end both because I thought that was a bold and novel choice and because he was such an annoying character and their relationship was implausible.
178	stalebi	3	The world building in this book is unlike anything I've ever read. It had all sorts of elements from historical, paranormal, vampires, steampunk, and fantasy thrown into one along with steamy romance! An inventive and refreshing read. The characters draw you in, and I mean, every character. Each has something to offer in this book, with enough enticement to make you look for more.
178	zhossainzadeh	3	The world building in this book is unlike anything I've ever read. It had all sorts of elements from historical, paranormal, vampires, steampunk, and fantasy thrown into one along with steamy romance! An inventive and refreshing read. The characters draw you in, and I mean, every character. Each has something to offer in this book, with enough enticement to make you look for more.
179	stalebi	3	I don't know how she does it, but this is the first series where I've loved every single one of the books. It was a fantastic, amazing, emotional, gut-wrenching, and delectable read. Pamela Clare, I have no words to describe the power of your writing. 5/5 - Recommended to everyone!
179	zhossainzadeh	3	I don't know how she does it, but this is the first series where I've loved every single one of the books. It was a fantastic, amazing, emotional, gut-wrenching, and delectable read. Pamela Clare, I have no words to describe the power of your writing. 5/5 - Recommended to everyone!
180	stalebi	3	4.5 stars for me. This With Me in Seattle Series is really growing on me and I loved this story about Isaac and Stacy. I loved Isaac's devotion and love to Stacy and how he is trying to spice up their relationship and I might add that he did conquer that task with a lot of passion and steam. This was a sweet story with loads of love, family and surprises. I am so looking forward to the next installment in the with me series.
180	zhossainzadeh	3	4.5 stars for me. This With Me in Seattle Series is really growing on me and I loved this story about Isaac and Stacy. I loved Isaac's devotion and love to Stacy and how he is trying to spice up their relationship and I might add that he did conquer that task with a lot of passion and steam. This was a sweet story with loads of love, family and surprises. I am so looking forward to the next installment in the with me series.
181	stalebi	3	Well.....I liked the story and the personality of the characters. I loved how Alice brought everyone together. I also loved the unconventional family that she brought together. My only beef and it is only me because this is just a personal preference is that when I read I like more masculine leads with m/m. Rue and Erik were not my normal leads choice but the story was still sweet and I will read the next one to find out what happens next. I did love the quirkiness of Erik and how he over came so many challenges to finally be free of his own demons so he could find love.
181	zhossainzadeh	3	Well.....I liked the story and the personality of the characters. I loved how Alice brought everyone together. I also loved the unconventional family that she brought together. My only beef and it is only me because this is just a personal preference is that when I read I like more masculine leads with m/m. Rue and Erik were not my normal leads choice but the story was still sweet and I will read the next one to find out what happens next. I did love the quirkiness of Erik and how he over came so many challenges to finally be free of his own demons so he could find love.
182	stalebi	3	This books touched me when I was 12. That's 12 years ago. Still expecting my Hogwarts letter though. I just love this new universe, this new reality filled with magic and creatures. I read this books so much times that sometimes I feel I went to that school and met all those people. The end of the school year used to make me as sad as it made Harry, but Hogwarts will always be my and every children's home.
182	zhossainzadeh	3	This books touched me when I was 12. That's 12 years ago. Still expecting my Hogwarts letter though. I just love this new universe, this new reality filled with magic and creatures. I read this books so much times that sometimes I feel I went to that school and met all those people. The end of the school year used to make me as sad as it made Harry, but Hogwarts will always be my and every children's home.
183	stalebi	3	"The more I read Maas' books, the more I see her as Anne Bishop Lite. I love all of Anne Bishop's work though, so I give four stars for Empire of Storms, which steps up a from the previous installments (all solid three star books - they're good but not I'm not taking them to a deserted island with me) and heightens the drama (in a good way) and character development (although, I don't really think she needs to pair off every character). And those tiny sparkling gems of humor, those little lights in the dark that are masterfully done by Bishop, but until book 5 Maas hasn't been able to execute without it seeming hamfisted and forced. Those little moments really elevated Empire of Storms for me from the first four. Empire of Storms feels like it started to properly grow into itself, like the series is shaking off it's YA label and is ready to sit at the ""Grown-Ups table""."
183	zhossainzadeh	3	"The more I read Maas' books, the more I see her as Anne Bishop Lite. I love all of Anne Bishop's work though, so I give four stars for Empire of Storms, which steps up a from the previous installments (all solid three star books - they're good but not I'm not taking them to a deserted island with me) and heightens the drama (in a good way) and character development (although, I don't really think she needs to pair off every character). And those tiny sparkling gems of humor, those little lights in the dark that are masterfully done by Bishop, but until book 5 Maas hasn't been able to execute without it seeming hamfisted and forced. Those little moments really elevated Empire of Storms for me from the first four. Empire of Storms feels like it started to properly grow into itself, like the series is shaking off it's YA label and is ready to sit at the ""Grown-Ups table""."
184	stalebi	3	I enjoyed reading this, but it didn't feel like a fully modern re-telling. Three stars simply because even a failed Austen adaptation isn't the worst book in the world. Trollope even tries to pokes fun at some of the archaic elements that remain but, to me they fell flat as overall it's a very lazy adaptation. I can see the challenge S&S presents in that the whole story starts because of primogeniture inheritance laws as the times, but they aren't relevant now and Trollope's ham-fisted and nonsensical attempt to force her modern Dashwoods out of Norwood doesn't start off the novel well. I really wish Trollope had put more effort into this and made the modern Dashwood ladies into strong, independent women, but alas...
184	zhossainzadeh	3	I enjoyed reading this, but it didn't feel like a fully modern re-telling. Three stars simply because even a failed Austen adaptation isn't the worst book in the world. Trollope even tries to pokes fun at some of the archaic elements that remain but, to me they fell flat as overall it's a very lazy adaptation. I can see the challenge S&S presents in that the whole story starts because of primogeniture inheritance laws as the times, but they aren't relevant now and Trollope's ham-fisted and nonsensical attempt to force her modern Dashwoods out of Norwood doesn't start off the novel well. I really wish Trollope had put more effort into this and made the modern Dashwood ladies into strong, independent women, but alas...
185	stalebi	3	There is something about the language used or the voice of the characters that makes me think the setting of this book is more modern/contemporary than it should be. I found that somewhat distracting but still enjoyed the story and the race against time to solve the murders and find an ancient, mythical artifact. I think I'd read another in the series. Although, wouldn't it have been so much cooler if the heroine, who managed to rescue herself from a horrific and traumatic experience seven years prior, had rescued herself at the end of this adventure too ? That would have gotten this book at least one more star.
185	zhossainzadeh	3	There is something about the language used or the voice of the characters that makes me think the setting of this book is more modern/contemporary than it should be. I found that somewhat distracting but still enjoyed the story and the race against time to solve the murders and find an ancient, mythical artifact. I think I'd read another in the series. Although, wouldn't it have been so much cooler if the heroine, who managed to rescue herself from a horrific and traumatic experience seven years prior, had rescued herself at the end of this adventure too ? That would have gotten this book at least one more star.
186	stalebi	3	I wanted to give this four stars, but honestly it feels too similar in formula and characters to Archer's Ministry of Peculiar Occurrences (MPO) series. I will say that this series feels a bit lighter, less gothic than MPO and the magic that Archer is describing is intriguing, but it's even really discussed/explained until almost the end, and then the ending itself is quite abrupt. Such endings are typical of Archer, but this one even more so since not a single main plot point was resolved. I plan to read the next installment, but have hopes that this series will be able to better distinguish itself from Archer's previous works.
186	zhossainzadeh	3	I wanted to give this four stars, but honestly it feels too similar in formula and characters to Archer's Ministry of Peculiar Occurrences (MPO) series. I will say that this series feels a bit lighter, less gothic than MPO and the magic that Archer is describing is intriguing, but it's even really discussed/explained until almost the end, and then the ending itself is quite abrupt. Such endings are typical of Archer, but this one even more so since not a single main plot point was resolved. I plan to read the next installment, but have hopes that this series will be able to better distinguish itself from Archer's previous works.
187	stalebi	3	I'm no stranger to shallow, frivolous fiction, but you need to draw a line somewhere and My Lady Jane is it for me. Go read The Nine Days Queen by Karleen Bradford instead. It's a much better version of Lady Jane's story, likely because it's closer to history. I totally get that this is very much a fantasy that is very lightly inspired by history and heavily inspired by the Princess Bride, but it's lacks the charm of The Princess Bride and instead comes off, to me, as trite, annoyingly derivative and very forced in terms of trying to be humorous.
187	zhossainzadeh	3	I'm no stranger to shallow, frivolous fiction, but you need to draw a line somewhere and My Lady Jane is it for me. Go read The Nine Days Queen by Karleen Bradford instead. It's a much better version of Lady Jane's story, likely because it's closer to history. I totally get that this is very much a fantasy that is very lightly inspired by history and heavily inspired by the Princess Bride, but it's lacks the charm of The Princess Bride and instead comes off, to me, as trite, annoyingly derivative and very forced in terms of trying to be humorous.
188	zhossainzadeh	3	"I really liked the ""Ghost War"" story, but the ""Survival of the Fittest"" was kind of bland -- perhaps not unexpected, since Rafael Albuquerque did the ""Ghost War"" art but not the other story's art. It's interesting how much the emphasis here was on women and domesticity. In ""Ghost War"", it's all about how Pearl and her husband choose a married love life over the excitement of being/hunting vampires -- how the I-am-a-tough-loner-who-gives-up-everything-for-my-cause life is not the life that either of them want, in the end -- and I think that having Pearl's husband be the POV character for most of the story helps in keeping it from being Skinner as masculinity versus Pearl as femininity without taking away from Pearl's active choices. In ""Survival of the Fittest"", I'm less impressed with Felicia ending up raising a baby and feeling validated by men's faith in her ."
188	stalebi	3	"I really liked the ""Ghost War"" story, but the ""Survival of the Fittest"" was kind of bland -- perhaps not unexpected, since Rafael Albuquerque did the ""Ghost War"" art but not the other story's art. It's interesting how much the emphasis here was on women and domesticity. In ""Ghost War"", it's all about how Pearl and her husband choose a married love life over the excitement of being/hunting vampires -- how the I-am-a-tough-loner-who-gives-up-everything-for-my-cause life is not the life that either of them want, in the end -- and I think that having Pearl's husband be the POV character for most of the story helps in keeping it from being Skinner as masculinity versus Pearl as femininity without taking away from Pearl's active choices. In ""Survival of the Fittest"", I'm less impressed with Felicia ending up raising a baby and feeling validated by men's faith in her ."
189	zhossainzadeh	3	"Huh. I like this book a lot better the second time around, and I'm about to start reading the rest of the trilogy for the first time. I'm not sure what I think of the device that gives away what I would have expected as the plot of the trilogy in the first pages -- this is obviously not a spoiler, so: Tobin clearly does successfully take the throne, which ought to be shifting the focus from ""what happens"" to ""how do people feel about the way it happens"", but I still feel like the pacing of the story is very conventional and driven by the tension of whether Tobin can be positioned for the coup.... Brilliantly creepy, though. It will be interesting to see how the question of Tobin's sexuality is handled in the next book!"
189	stalebi	3	"Huh. I like this book a lot better the second time around, and I'm about to start reading the rest of the trilogy for the first time. I'm not sure what I think of the device that gives away what I would have expected as the plot of the trilogy in the first pages -- this is obviously not a spoiler, so: Tobin clearly does successfully take the throne, which ought to be shifting the focus from ""what happens"" to ""how do people feel about the way it happens"", but I still feel like the pacing of the story is very conventional and driven by the tension of whether Tobin can be positioned for the coup.... Brilliantly creepy, though. It will be interesting to see how the question of Tobin's sexuality is handled in the next book!"
190	zhossainzadeh	3	I really ought to read this book again, but I have a very strong memory of flipping back through it after finishing the first time trying to figure out what the heck had just been going on. This book seemed to have several different stories in it, each following on from the previous one without resolving anything whatsoever from it, which just, I have to say, drove me nuts. They were all good and interesting stories, too, and I'd really like to know how they end! Maybe there's resolution in there that I just missed, but I'm not sure I could take the disappointment a second time if there isn't.
190	stalebi	3	I really ought to read this book again, but I have a very strong memory of flipping back through it after finishing the first time trying to figure out what the heck had just been going on. This book seemed to have several different stories in it, each following on from the previous one without resolving anything whatsoever from it, which just, I have to say, drove me nuts. They were all good and interesting stories, too, and I'd really like to know how they end! Maybe there's resolution in there that I just missed, but I'm not sure I could take the disappointment a second time if there isn't.
191	zhossainzadeh	3	This is not - by far - a bad book. Ernest has his own style and this book is fluid, dynamic and I quite like it. But my rant can't be higher then 2.5 stars because was a quite forgettable reading and didn't impress me. Have some great passages and It was funny sometimes, but I don't think this is my kind of book.
191	stalebi	3	This is not - by far - a bad book. Ernest has his own style and this book is fluid, dynamic and I quite like it. But my rant can't be higher then 2.5 stars because was a quite forgettable reading and didn't impress me. Have some great passages and It was funny sometimes, but I don't think this is my kind of book.
192	zhossainzadeh	3	I was a little worried, because this book starts out like the kind of stock Lifetime movie where a middle-aged woman decides to change her life, but once we start getting the flashbacks to Judith's teenage years in Nebraska, it gets much more interesting. McNeal is a fabulous writer, and his descriptions of both people and nature are very apt. Plus, it's always interesting to read a love story written by a man, especially when the main character is a woman. It made me cry, and that's one of my tests for greatness in this kind of book.
192	stalebi	3	I was a little worried, because this book starts out like the kind of stock Lifetime movie where a middle-aged woman decides to change her life, but once we start getting the flashbacks to Judith's teenage years in Nebraska, it gets much more interesting. McNeal is a fabulous writer, and his descriptions of both people and nature are very apt. Plus, it's always interesting to read a love story written by a man, especially when the main character is a woman. It made me cry, and that's one of my tests for greatness in this kind of book.
193	zhossainzadeh	3	I loved the atmosphere that Swyler creates in this book. She uses language in a most bewitching way. That was enough to make me forgive most of the things in this book that didn't seem quite right. When a book is magic realism, it's hard to say that it doesn't make sense or seem factually correct, but some of the odd things in this book seemed due to a lack of thorough editing rather than magic. Still, it was an excellent read and well worth my time.
193	stalebi	3	I loved the atmosphere that Swyler creates in this book. She uses language in a most bewitching way. That was enough to make me forgive most of the things in this book that didn't seem quite right. When a book is magic realism, it's hard to say that it doesn't make sense or seem factually correct, but some of the odd things in this book seemed due to a lack of thorough editing rather than magic. Still, it was an excellent read and well worth my time.
194	zhossainzadeh	3	This is a perfect little book detailing the events of one summer from the perspective of 10-year-old Helen. She reminds me so much of myself at that age: clever, headstrong, and always so sure that she's right about everything. I enjoyed getting to know her and remember what it was like to be a girl just beginning to grow up.
194	stalebi	3	This is a perfect little book detailing the events of one summer from the perspective of 10-year-old Helen. She reminds me so much of myself at that age: clever, headstrong, and always so sure that she's right about everything. I enjoyed getting to know her and remember what it was like to be a girl just beginning to grow up.
195	zhossainzadeh	3	"This is a deceptively simple book at first glance. Mitchell tells six different stories that, taken individually, are interesting but not profound. Yet somehow when you take them all together, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. His theme is self-interest vs. altruism, and this quote from the last page sums it up best: ""If we believe that humanity may transcend tooth & claw, if we believe divers races & creeds can share this world as peaceably as the orphans share their candlenut tree, if we believe leaders must be just, violence muzzled, power accountable & the riches of the Earth & its Oceans shared equitably, such a world will come to pass."""
195	stalebi	3	"This is a deceptively simple book at first glance. Mitchell tells six different stories that, taken individually, are interesting but not profound. Yet somehow when you take them all together, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. His theme is self-interest vs. altruism, and this quote from the last page sums it up best: ""If we believe that humanity may transcend tooth & claw, if we believe divers races & creeds can share this world as peaceably as the orphans share their candlenut tree, if we believe leaders must be just, violence muzzled, power accountable & the riches of the Earth & its Oceans shared equitably, such a world will come to pass."""
196	stalebi	3	"Pretty good. Funny and thought provoking, it kept a good pace throughout. Looking through some of the other reviews I can see why some people went off it in the second half, but I think they may have lost the point a bit. Don't get me wrong, it changes quite significantly, and is less consciously funny. But in its place is a thoughtful look at what being undead means, particularly to a dorky teenager. There are still laughs but the changes in our ""hero"" cast an interesting light onto some of the earlier funnier moments."
196	zhossainzadeh	3	"Pretty good. Funny and thought provoking, it kept a good pace throughout. Looking through some of the other reviews I can see why some people went off it in the second half, but I think they may have lost the point a bit. Don't get me wrong, it changes quite significantly, and is less consciously funny. But in its place is a thoughtful look at what being undead means, particularly to a dorky teenager. There are still laughs but the changes in our ""hero"" cast an interesting light onto some of the earlier funnier moments."
197	stalebi	3	6th&up In the tradition of dystopian classics like The Giver and The City of Ember, The List is a debut novel that presents a world where words are a privilege, not a right- and Letta (apprentice Wordsmith) uncovers a plan to steal language from all but the elite in the community. Building on the Noah's Ark narrative, Forde weaves her story with threads of censorship, global warming, the power of/need for rebellion, and more. While at times I felt the writing was a bit raw and the storytelling was occasionally choppy, I ultimately very much enjoyed this novel. It is clear that Forde has talent, creativity, and a gift with suspense that will keep older middle schoolers/younger high school readers quite happy. Thank you to Sourcebooks Jabberwocky for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
197	zhossainzadeh	3	6th&up In the tradition of dystopian classics like The Giver and The City of Ember, The List is a debut novel that presents a world where words are a privilege, not a right- and Letta (apprentice Wordsmith) uncovers a plan to steal language from all but the elite in the community. Building on the Noah's Ark narrative, Forde weaves her story with threads of censorship, global warming, the power of/need for rebellion, and more. While at times I felt the writing was a bit raw and the storytelling was occasionally choppy, I ultimately very much enjoyed this novel. It is clear that Forde has talent, creativity, and a gift with suspense that will keep older middle schoolers/younger high school readers quite happy. Thank you to Sourcebooks Jabberwocky for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
198	stalebi	3	As bizarre as this horror/humor/80's love letter novel is, I feel like it was written just for me. Being the exact age of the protagonists, the pop culture references were alarmingly familiar, the horror tropes were right up my alley, and the entirety of the book was just ridiculously fun. While I never had to save my best friend from demonic possession, I can't help but think that might have added some much needed excitement to my slightly sedate teenage-hood. As an aside, the paperback cover of this book is the most insanely perfect piece of artwork I've ever seen! Love it!
198	zhossainzadeh	3	As bizarre as this horror/humor/80's love letter novel is, I feel like it was written just for me. Being the exact age of the protagonists, the pop culture references were alarmingly familiar, the horror tropes were right up my alley, and the entirety of the book was just ridiculously fun. While I never had to save my best friend from demonic possession, I can't help but think that might have added some much needed excitement to my slightly sedate teenage-hood. As an aside, the paperback cover of this book is the most insanely perfect piece of artwork I've ever seen! Love it!
199	stalebi	3	Yearning ghosts, dark history, selfless love, lyrical prose, and a strong sense of spirituality are all present in Jesmyn Ward's latest masterpiece. JoJo, the boy with the pure heart; Richard, the lost one; Leonie the unmoored; Pops, who tries to hold them all together; and others, will steal your heart and linger long in your mind. Sing, Unburied, Sing is a story that should not be missed.
199	zhossainzadeh	3	Yearning ghosts, dark history, selfless love, lyrical prose, and a strong sense of spirituality are all present in Jesmyn Ward's latest masterpiece. JoJo, the boy with the pure heart; Richard, the lost one; Leonie the unmoored; Pops, who tries to hold them all together; and others, will steal your heart and linger long in your mind. Sing, Unburied, Sing is a story that should not be missed.
200	stalebi	3	Silver Harris has a terrible track record with men, but when she crosses paths with Logan Byrne, she begins to think that sexy Irish vampires might be more her style. The lovers each have their own secrets though, and as their romance gets more serious so does the danger that is creeping ever closer... With plenty of heat, a bit of humor, and a mystery to round out the plot, Dating the Undead is a blast to read- paranormal romance lovers, take note! Thank you to Sourcebooks Casablanca for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
200	zhossainzadeh	3	Silver Harris has a terrible track record with men, but when she crosses paths with Logan Byrne, she begins to think that sexy Irish vampires might be more her style. The lovers each have their own secrets though, and as their romance gets more serious so does the danger that is creeping ever closer... With plenty of heat, a bit of humor, and a mystery to round out the plot, Dating the Undead is a blast to read- paranormal romance lovers, take note! Thank you to Sourcebooks Casablanca for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
201	stalebi	3	4.5 stars, 7th&up Sierra Santiago's life is changed forever after she realizes that she is part of a long line of gifted artists who can use their talents to battle demons and keep humanity safe from darkness. Older's novel is just wonderful- full of sass, a firm sense of community, and fast paced action. Shadowshaper is more than a simple fantasy adventure, it touches upon some big issues such as gentrification, culture theft, empowerment, pride, and more. Despite the range and density of the themes, the story is never bogged down, but instead is paced perfectly for an entertaining read with plenty of depth. Highly recommended.
201	zhossainzadeh	3	4.5 stars, 7th&up Sierra Santiago's life is changed forever after she realizes that she is part of a long line of gifted artists who can use their talents to battle demons and keep humanity safe from darkness. Older's novel is just wonderful- full of sass, a firm sense of community, and fast paced action. Shadowshaper is more than a simple fantasy adventure, it touches upon some big issues such as gentrification, culture theft, empowerment, pride, and more. Despite the range and density of the themes, the story is never bogged down, but instead is paced perfectly for an entertaining read with plenty of depth. Highly recommended.
202	stalebi	3	In The Blinds, a sheriff with dark secrets, a toy badge, and no credentials investigates a murder that shouldn't have been possible in a town that is full of suspects with no memory of who they were before they came to town. This terrific set-up leads to an intriguing mystery which gets wilder and more fast-paced with every unexpected development. With thanks to Ecco/HarperCollins, this ARC was obtained at BookExpo17 in exchange for an honest review.
202	zhossainzadeh	3	In The Blinds, a sheriff with dark secrets, a toy badge, and no credentials investigates a murder that shouldn't have been possible in a town that is full of suspects with no memory of who they were before they came to town. This terrific set-up leads to an intriguing mystery which gets wilder and more fast-paced with every unexpected development. With thanks to Ecco/HarperCollins, this ARC was obtained at BookExpo17 in exchange for an honest review.
203	stalebi	3	When a group of strangers are invited to a remote island in order to interview for an elite intelligence position, readers learn that no one can be trusted and nothing is as it seems. Deliciously dark and disturbing, this intriguing story possesses an Agatha Christie style plot written through the voice of George Orwell, with surprises through to the last sentence. Though short in pages, the story will linger long in your mind. Thank you to Penguin for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
203	zhossainzadeh	3	When a group of strangers are invited to a remote island in order to interview for an elite intelligence position, readers learn that no one can be trusted and nothing is as it seems. Deliciously dark and disturbing, this intriguing story possesses an Agatha Christie style plot written through the voice of George Orwell, with surprises through to the last sentence. Though short in pages, the story will linger long in your mind. Thank you to Penguin for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
204	zhossainzadeh	3	Restaurant owner Violet and single father/barbecue phenom Hogan find their personal and professional lives entwined as they discover that the perfect mate is definitely worth waiting for. Foster is my go to author for sweet sexy romance with just a smidge of suspense- she never lets me down. The main romance, secondary romance, & even a third young love story thread are all balanced perfectly. Fans- especially ones who enjoyed Don't Tempt Me should put this novel on their must read list. Thank you to Harlequin and Netgalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
204	stalebi	3	Restaurant owner Violet and single father/barbecue phenom Hogan find their personal and professional lives entwined as they discover that the perfect mate is definitely worth waiting for. Foster is my go to author for sweet sexy romance with just a smidge of suspense- she never lets me down. The main romance, secondary romance, & even a third young love story thread are all balanced perfectly. Fans- especially ones who enjoyed Don't Tempt Me should put this novel on their must read list. Thank you to Harlequin and Netgalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
205	zhossainzadeh	3	Bumbling every-man Tom Barren goes from the 2016 of our futuristic dreams to the 2016 we are all sadly too familiar with, thanks to his typical bad luck and a time-traveling fiasco. While Tom goes on a quest to return to his own timeline, readers are treated to a fast paced story that has something for everyone- science, romance, adventure, suspense, family drama, philosophical quandaries and more. Everything works seamlessly and results in a book that is sure to delight. Thank you to Penguin Group/Dutton and Netgalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
205	stalebi	3	Bumbling every-man Tom Barren goes from the 2016 of our futuristic dreams to the 2016 we are all sadly too familiar with, thanks to his typical bad luck and a time-traveling fiasco. While Tom goes on a quest to return to his own timeline, readers are treated to a fast paced story that has something for everyone- science, romance, adventure, suspense, family drama, philosophical quandaries and more. Everything works seamlessly and results in a book that is sure to delight. Thank you to Penguin Group/Dutton and Netgalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
206	zhossainzadeh	3	With only one week left until she must leave her home in Tokyo, Sophia finds that her imminent departure overlaps with the arrival of an old friend turned enemy. Initially livid at this coincidence, she begins to think that Jamie might have changed since she last saw him years earlier. Maybe more has changed than she ever realized... Messy adolescent friendships, arguments, crushes, and the like, fill the pages of this YA novel- but so do moments of personal growth, scenes of accepting reality, changing perceptions, and taking on perspectives other than her own. Through her seven day long goodbye, Sophia learns to be accepting of the past and begins to look forward to the future. This ARC was obtained at BEA16 in the exchange for an honest review.
206	stalebi	3	With only one week left until she must leave her home in Tokyo, Sophia finds that her imminent departure overlaps with the arrival of an old friend turned enemy. Initially livid at this coincidence, she begins to think that Jamie might have changed since she last saw him years earlier. Maybe more has changed than she ever realized... Messy adolescent friendships, arguments, crushes, and the like, fill the pages of this YA novel- but so do moments of personal growth, scenes of accepting reality, changing perceptions, and taking on perspectives other than her own. Through her seven day long goodbye, Sophia learns to be accepting of the past and begins to look forward to the future. This ARC was obtained at BEA16 in the exchange for an honest review.
207	zhossainzadeh	3	I loved Not if I See You First, and had high expectations for A Tragic Kind of Wonderful. It took me a lot longer to connect with Mel, but the way she dealt with her mental illness, her grief over the loss of her brother, questions about sexual orientation, drama with friends, and the ups and downs of first love all seemed realistic and compelling in a way that caused me to be completely on board with the character by the end. Lindstrom proves that he is a YA author that is worthy to be on your radar. Thanks to Little, Brown Books for Young Readers and Netgalley for granting me advanced access to this novel.
207	stalebi	3	I loved Not if I See You First, and had high expectations for A Tragic Kind of Wonderful. It took me a lot longer to connect with Mel, but the way she dealt with her mental illness, her grief over the loss of her brother, questions about sexual orientation, drama with friends, and the ups and downs of first love all seemed realistic and compelling in a way that caused me to be completely on board with the character by the end. Lindstrom proves that he is a YA author that is worthy to be on your radar. Thanks to Little, Brown Books for Young Readers and Netgalley for granting me advanced access to this novel.
208	zhossainzadeh	3	Light and smile-inducing Christmas fun! Curmudgeony crime novelist Lucas and bubbly new business-owner Eva are a delightful odd couple who find love and healing during the holiday season. Guaranteed to lift your spirits during any time of year.
208	stalebi	3	Light and smile-inducing Christmas fun! Curmudgeony crime novelist Lucas and bubbly new business-owner Eva are a delightful odd couple who find love and healing during the holiday season. Guaranteed to lift your spirits during any time of year.
209	stalebi	3	9th&up A teen who has just moved to a new state finds that the trouble he and his parents left behind is nothing compared to the deadly secrets that he uncovers in the perfect little town of Stepton, Virginia. This is a terrific mystery with a funny, clever, wise-ass protagonist, an inviting narrative style, plenty of thrills, family drama, betrayals, surprising revelations, and romance. Fake ID is a whole lot of fun! Side note- grade level chosen due to fair level of violence, adult language, and mature references- perfect for high school readers who loves thrillers with engaging characters and a fast moving plot.
209	zhossainzadeh	3	9th&up A teen who has just moved to a new state finds that the trouble he and his parents left behind is nothing compared to the deadly secrets that he uncovers in the perfect little town of Stepton, Virginia. This is a terrific mystery with a funny, clever, wise-ass protagonist, an inviting narrative style, plenty of thrills, family drama, betrayals, surprising revelations, and romance. Fake ID is a whole lot of fun! Side note- grade level chosen due to fair level of violence, adult language, and mature references- perfect for high school readers who loves thrillers with engaging characters and a fast moving plot.
210	stalebi	3	Roberts hits all the right notes in her latest romantic suspense, in which Bodine Longbow- head of her family's lucrative ranch and resort- stumbles across the body of the local bartender. She and her new employee (and old crush) Callen Skinner begin to suspect that a killer is making himself at home in their small Montana town, and a mystery from her family's past might hold the key to revealing his identity. Readers will find all the characters engaging and well formed, and the emotional ties- whether familial, friendly, or romantic- are realistic and enviable. Even the setting is three dimensional and seems to entice fans to plan a visit- after the killer is caught and happily ever after is achieved, of course! Special thanks to St. Martin's Press for the providing this in exchange for an honest review.
210	zhossainzadeh	3	Roberts hits all the right notes in her latest romantic suspense, in which Bodine Longbow- head of her family's lucrative ranch and resort- stumbles across the body of the local bartender. She and her new employee (and old crush) Callen Skinner begin to suspect that a killer is making himself at home in their small Montana town, and a mystery from her family's past might hold the key to revealing his identity. Readers will find all the characters engaging and well formed, and the emotional ties- whether familial, friendly, or romantic- are realistic and enviable. Even the setting is three dimensional and seems to entice fans to plan a visit- after the killer is caught and happily ever after is achieved, of course! Special thanks to St. Martin's Press for the providing this in exchange for an honest review.
211	stalebi	3	8th&up, 3.5 stars A young woman with more than her share of responsibility and strife meets an otherworldly being who saves her life from a human threat while unwillingly exposing her to danger from the depths of hell. The Edge of Everything has enough adventure, romance, and suspense to keep the pages turning- and thanks to a few loose ends, readers will be eagerly awaiting a sequel. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
211	zhossainzadeh	3	8th&up, 3.5 stars A young woman with more than her share of responsibility and strife meets an otherworldly being who saves her life from a human threat while unwillingly exposing her to danger from the depths of hell. The Edge of Everything has enough adventure, romance, and suspense to keep the pages turning- and thanks to a few loose ends, readers will be eagerly awaiting a sequel. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
212	zhossainzadeh	3	9th&up After witnessing her boyfriend's murder, Frankie Devereux fell apart. She went so far off the rails that she was kicked out of her elite high school and sent away from her mother's upper class neighborhood to live with her father in a run-down town on the wrong side of the tracks. When she starts public school with a collection of rough and street wise teens, she finds new friends and a new romance that might be just what she needs to see her through the unresolved trauma of the past- but nothing worthwhile is ever easy, and doing the right thing might cost Frankie the new life she's just beginning to enjoy. With plenty of suspense and angst-ridden teen love, young adult readers will find themselves racing to the end. Thank you to Macmillan Children's Publishing Group, and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
212	stalebi	3	9th&up After witnessing her boyfriend's murder, Frankie Devereux fell apart. She went so far off the rails that she was kicked out of her elite high school and sent away from her mother's upper class neighborhood to live with her father in a run-down town on the wrong side of the tracks. When she starts public school with a collection of rough and street wise teens, she finds new friends and a new romance that might be just what she needs to see her through the unresolved trauma of the past- but nothing worthwhile is ever easy, and doing the right thing might cost Frankie the new life she's just beginning to enjoy. With plenty of suspense and angst-ridden teen love, young adult readers will find themselves racing to the end. Thank you to Macmillan Children's Publishing Group, and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
213	stalebi	3	In this modern retelling of Jack and the Beanstalk, Hatke uses his delightful illustrations and engaging narrative skills to weave a tale that young readers will not be able to resist. Jack's summer promises to be horribly boring- spent helping his singe mother around the house or watching his autistic little sister and keeping her out of trouble. When he trades a favor for some seeds, however, he finds that a whole new world opens up before him- but a world he might not be ready for. Mighty Jack introduces readers to a brave and curious trio who are sure to stumble across more adventures in the future- an eventuality that this reader will definitely welcome! Thank you to First Second Books and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
213	zhossainzadeh	3	In this modern retelling of Jack and the Beanstalk, Hatke uses his delightful illustrations and engaging narrative skills to weave a tale that young readers will not be able to resist. Jack's summer promises to be horribly boring- spent helping his singe mother around the house or watching his autistic little sister and keeping her out of trouble. When he trades a favor for some seeds, however, he finds that a whole new world opens up before him- but a world he might not be ready for. Mighty Jack introduces readers to a brave and curious trio who are sure to stumble across more adventures in the future- an eventuality that this reader will definitely welcome! Thank you to First Second Books and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
214	zhossainzadeh	3	Detective Barry Duckworth doesn't know which way to turn. Recently trouble has haunted Promise Falls, and now a mysterious and deadly illness has spread like wildfire all across the little town. When signs begin to point to a deliberate act of terror, Duckworth wonders if someone has decided that the time has come for the people of Promise Falls to pay for past sins. The Twenty-Three opens with a bang and keeps moving fast and furious throughout. Previous visitors to this creepy little town will be more than satisfied with the twists and turns that Barclay serves up. This book was obtained though NetGalley, with thanks to Berkley Publishing Group, in exchange for an honest review.
214	stalebi	3	Detective Barry Duckworth doesn't know which way to turn. Recently trouble has haunted Promise Falls, and now a mysterious and deadly illness has spread like wildfire all across the little town. When signs begin to point to a deliberate act of terror, Duckworth wonders if someone has decided that the time has come for the people of Promise Falls to pay for past sins. The Twenty-Three opens with a bang and keeps moving fast and furious throughout. Previous visitors to this creepy little town will be more than satisfied with the twists and turns that Barclay serves up. This book was obtained though NetGalley, with thanks to Berkley Publishing Group, in exchange for an honest review.
215	zhossainzadeh	3	A lovely ending to the imaginative trilogy that consists of Journey, Quest, & now Return. As brightly illustrated as ever, no words are needed to convey the adventures of a little girl who wants her father to spend some time with her. When she returns to the colorful, magical world she has journeyed in twice before, he joins her & the two enjoy an unforgettable adventure. The art and story-craft of Aaron Becker is not to be missed. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
215	stalebi	3	A lovely ending to the imaginative trilogy that consists of Journey, Quest, & now Return. As brightly illustrated as ever, no words are needed to convey the adventures of a little girl who wants her father to spend some time with her. When she returns to the colorful, magical world she has journeyed in twice before, he joins her & the two enjoy an unforgettable adventure. The art and story-craft of Aaron Becker is not to be missed. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
216	stalebi	3	In this raw, modern update on the noir detective genre, Isaiah Quintabe is IQ- an instrument of justice for the common man. Streetwise and badass, IQ can find the smallest detail in a case, and analyze it until the solution works its way free. Part Sherlock Holmes, part Equalizer, IQ provides readers with a mystery that contains the perfect blend of levity and criminal mayhem. Not always on the right side of the law, IQ will surely be on the right side of readers who are looking to add a little spice and a lot of style to their mysteries. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
216	zhossainzadeh	3	In this raw, modern update on the noir detective genre, Isaiah Quintabe is IQ- an instrument of justice for the common man. Streetwise and badass, IQ can find the smallest detail in a case, and analyze it until the solution works its way free. Part Sherlock Holmes, part Equalizer, IQ provides readers with a mystery that contains the perfect blend of levity and criminal mayhem. Not always on the right side of the law, IQ will surely be on the right side of readers who are looking to add a little spice and a lot of style to their mysteries. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
217	stalebi	3	Whitehead has crafted a horrifying and moving vision of the plight of a cotton plantation slave whose journey toward freedom takes on an Odyssey-like feel. Cora is a fully realized character that draws readers in as she experiences abuse, love, betrayal, and hope for a new future.
217	zhossainzadeh	3	Whitehead has crafted a horrifying and moving vision of the plight of a cotton plantation slave whose journey toward freedom takes on an Odyssey-like feel. Cora is a fully realized character that draws readers in as she experiences abuse, love, betrayal, and hope for a new future.
218	zhossainzadeh	3	When Jenny Kramer is brutally raped, her parents are devastated, the police are stymied, and the inhabitants of the quiet little Connecticut town are shocked. In an effort to help, Jenny's doctors offer to give her a new drug that will erase her memories of the attack, and she and her family jump at the chance to make this horror go away. Memories are not so easily suppressed, however, and Jenny finds that living without the full knowledge of that night might be worse than facing the truth. With the help of a local psychiatrist she attempts to recall the rape so she can see that the guilty party is brought to justice- but by the time the truth is completely brought to light, there will be more pain, betrayal, and death than anyone could have imagined. All is Not Forgotten is a seriously disturbing thriller, with twists and turns that will not soon be forgotten. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
218	stalebi	3	When Jenny Kramer is brutally raped, her parents are devastated, the police are stymied, and the inhabitants of the quiet little Connecticut town are shocked. In an effort to help, Jenny's doctors offer to give her a new drug that will erase her memories of the attack, and she and her family jump at the chance to make this horror go away. Memories are not so easily suppressed, however, and Jenny finds that living without the full knowledge of that night might be worse than facing the truth. With the help of a local psychiatrist she attempts to recall the rape so she can see that the guilty party is brought to justice- but by the time the truth is completely brought to light, there will be more pain, betrayal, and death than anyone could have imagined. All is Not Forgotten is a seriously disturbing thriller, with twists and turns that will not soon be forgotten. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
219	stalebi	3	"5th&up The traditional Snow White tale gets a historic ""update"" by a powerhouse artist in the graphic novel field- Matt Phelan. While the setting of this retelling did remind me of another (Snow White in New York by Fiona French), the feel is worlds apart. Presented in a sort of film noir style, Phelan's interpretation is dark, moody, & very fitting. I can't say I was overly impressed by the dialog, but I am a fan of his art & I feel that this fresh take on the classic tale will appeal to discerning middle school readers. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review."
219	zhossainzadeh	3	"5th&up The traditional Snow White tale gets a historic ""update"" by a powerhouse artist in the graphic novel field- Matt Phelan. While the setting of this retelling did remind me of another (Snow White in New York by Fiona French), the feel is worlds apart. Presented in a sort of film noir style, Phelan's interpretation is dark, moody, & very fitting. I can't say I was overly impressed by the dialog, but I am a fan of his art & I feel that this fresh take on the classic tale will appeal to discerning middle school readers. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review."
220	stalebi	3	Singh is diabolical! She starts Noah out with such a dark mark against him, and yet she makes him impossible to resist. Oh, the feels! I was so happy to follow along on Kit & Noah's journey. Their HEA was hard earned and well-deserved- a bumpy, realistic, imperfect road that allowed their relationship to authentically grow and evolve. I am so addicted to this series!
220	zhossainzadeh	3	Singh is diabolical! She starts Noah out with such a dark mark against him, and yet she makes him impossible to resist. Oh, the feels! I was so happy to follow along on Kit & Noah's journey. Their HEA was hard earned and well-deserved- a bumpy, realistic, imperfect road that allowed their relationship to authentically grow and evolve. I am so addicted to this series!
221	zhossainzadeh	3	8th&up, 3.5 stars This bittersweet, suspenseful time travel romance should have plenty of appeal for teen readers. Cassie, the modern heroine, shows a lot of character growth as she changes from self-centered whiner to a confident and determined woman. Lawrence, the dreamy young man from the 1920s, goes through changes as well when he realizes that his world has a dark side that he must fight against if he is to stay true to his dreams and his heart. This book was obtained at BEA15 in exchange for an honest review.
221	stalebi	3	8th&up, 3.5 stars This bittersweet, suspenseful time travel romance should have plenty of appeal for teen readers. Cassie, the modern heroine, shows a lot of character growth as she changes from self-centered whiner to a confident and determined woman. Lawrence, the dreamy young man from the 1920s, goes through changes as well when he realizes that his world has a dark side that he must fight against if he is to stay true to his dreams and his heart. This book was obtained at BEA15 in exchange for an honest review.
222	zhossainzadeh	2	The Shahrzad in the original Arabian Nights was a force to be reckoned with, truly cunning, manipulative and fearless. This Shahrzad was nowhere as impressive. The writing was beautiful but maybe I'm just not a fan of overly Romantic stories. It just failed to impress me.
222	stalebi	2	The Shahrzad in the original Arabian Nights was a force to be reckoned with, truly cunning, manipulative and fearless. This Shahrzad was nowhere as impressive. The writing was beautiful but maybe I'm just not a fan of overly Romantic stories. It just failed to impress me.
223	zhossainzadeh	2	It started out really well, with magic, mystery and intrigue, and the writing is absolutely beautiful, then the insta, all-consuming love kicked in and I... just...couldn't
223	stalebi	2	It started out really well, with magic, mystery and intrigue, and the writing is absolutely beautiful, then the insta, all-consuming love kicked in and I... just...couldn't
224	stalebi	2	It must be exhausting to have that much imagination to be able to write such a long story from so many different perspectives... and then to go on to write several other books equally as long and complicated. I loved it :)
224	zhossainzadeh	2	It must be exhausting to have that much imagination to be able to write such a long story from so many different perspectives... and then to go on to write several other books equally as long and complicated. I loved it :)
225	stalebi	2	Since I hate writing reviews, I'm gong to keep this one short and sweet. WHY DID IT HAVE TO END? I want an Angel Moreno of my own. *sniff* (I can dream right?) The only thing that irked me about this book was how petty Sarah and Angel were being when it hit climax.
225	zhossainzadeh	2	Since I hate writing reviews, I'm gong to keep this one short and sweet. WHY DID IT HAVE TO END? I want an Angel Moreno of my own. *sniff* (I can dream right?) The only thing that irked me about this book was how petty Sarah and Angel were being when it hit climax.
226	zhossainzadeh	2	For now, I'm just going to say that I wanted to burn this book and then punch a baby in the face in the last 20 or so pages. I don't think I've ever been that ANGRY over a death.
226	stalebi	2	For now, I'm just going to say that I wanted to burn this book and then punch a baby in the face in the last 20 or so pages. I don't think I've ever been that ANGRY over a death.
227	stalebi	2	Despite whatever, I am very affected. I am incredibly sad. I can hear see and witnessed the scenes, and despite it end the way it should, I wish it didn't. I wish there's alternate ending that would let me not see those scenes repeatedly. Oh, and this story is good. The second book was a bit boring, but the whole plot is good.
227	zhossainzadeh	2	Despite whatever, I am very affected. I am incredibly sad. I can hear see and witnessed the scenes, and despite it end the way it should, I wish it didn't. I wish there's alternate ending that would let me not see those scenes repeatedly. Oh, and this story is good. The second book was a bit boring, but the whole plot is good.
228	zhossainzadeh	2	I raced through it so I might have skipped some details. I love this better than The Apprentice, that's for sure. The ending was different than what I was hoping but as long as it's interesting, it was worth read.
228	stalebi	2	I raced through it so I might have skipped some details. I love this better than The Apprentice, that's for sure. The ending was different than what I was hoping but as long as it's interesting, it was worth read.
229	stalebi	2	Art was pretty, Lori is amazing and so is Carl. I still love Rick but the entire quality went a step back for me. Michonne is horribly written and Carol slitting her wrists over Tyreese makes no sense to me at all. Not my favorite volume so far.
229	zhossainzadeh	2	Art was pretty, Lori is amazing and so is Carl. I still love Rick but the entire quality went a step back for me. Michonne is horribly written and Carol slitting her wrists over Tyreese makes no sense to me at all. Not my favorite volume so far.
230	stalebi	2	I love little Carl. Hershel kind of annoyed me in this one, whereas I really like him in the series. Andrea and Dale together is a freak-fest, but hey whatever floats your boat.
230	zhossainzadeh	2	I love little Carl. Hershel kind of annoyed me in this one, whereas I really like him in the series. Andrea and Dale together is a freak-fest, but hey whatever floats your boat.
231	stalebi	2	Mwah. Not for me. Did not expect it to be so.. empty? Like it didn't make me feel anything. Not impressed to be honest
231	zhossainzadeh	2	Mwah. Not for me. Did not expect it to be so.. empty? Like it didn't make me feel anything. Not impressed to be honest
232	stalebi	2	This was such a cute read. It was filled with culture and sci fi which are my favourites. I loved it.
232	zhossainzadeh	2	This was such a cute read. It was filled with culture and sci fi which are my favourites. I loved it.
233	zhossainzadeh	2	This book was so sweet and lovely. Filled with culture and shy love. Totally my jam
233	stalebi	2	This book was so sweet and lovely. Filled with culture and shy love. Totally my jam
234	zhossainzadeh	2	Easy to read. Boring. Pretentious. Unrealistic. Left me unmoved and a little annoyed.
234	stalebi	2	Easy to read. Boring. Pretentious. Unrealistic. Left me unmoved and a little annoyed.
235	zhossainzadeh	2	Short but a very nice introduction to the book series. I actually really quite enjoyed it a lot! I thought it was nice that the main character was gay and I like how the rest of the story is set up in this 'foundation'.
235	stalebi	2	Short but a very nice introduction to the book series. I actually really quite enjoyed it a lot! I thought it was nice that the main character was gay and I like how the rest of the story is set up in this 'foundation'.
236	stalebi	2	Pretty good until now, I am still at the beginning though. But I like the way it is written and the characters are awesome!
236	zhossainzadeh	2	Pretty good until now, I am still at the beginning though. But I like the way it is written and the characters are awesome!
237	stalebi	2	Feel mean giving this one a 2 as it did make me smile in places (despite wanting to smash my kindle in places) so have rounded it up to 3. It also made my commute whizz by today.
237	zhossainzadeh	2	Feel mean giving this one a 2 as it did make me smile in places (despite wanting to smash my kindle in places) so have rounded it up to 3. It also made my commute whizz by today.
238	stalebi	2	thought this was the best short story by far - shorter than the others but much better in terms of character development, moving on the story and the messaging behind it all.
238	zhossainzadeh	2	thought this was the best short story by far - shorter than the others but much better in terms of character development, moving on the story and the messaging behind it all.
239	zhossainzadeh	2	I'll take time to review this more thoroughly later but I must admit I was disappointed. This took ages to get going and then it just felt too easy and rushed.
239	stalebi	2	I'll take time to review this more thoroughly later but I must admit I was disappointed. This took ages to get going and then it just felt too easy and rushed.
240	stalebi	2	I liked the concept behind this I just didn't find it entertaining. I guess the problem for me is that any literary detectives have to come up against Jasper Fforde's Thursday Next stories which are my favourite books of all time. I kept expecting this book to be funny but it wasn't. A good and interesting idea but perhaps brought in too many different magics and for me it didn't really fully explain what the library was and the importance of it.
240	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked the concept behind this I just didn't find it entertaining. I guess the problem for me is that any literary detectives have to come up against Jasper Fforde's Thursday Next stories which are my favourite books of all time. I kept expecting this book to be funny but it wasn't. A good and interesting idea but perhaps brought in too many different magics and for me it didn't really fully explain what the library was and the importance of it.
241	zhossainzadeh	2	"Probably a 2.5. I really didn't get this book. It had so many good reviews so I thought it would blow me away but it didn't. It reminded me too much of the ""A Discovery of Witches"" books. I've got the others in the series so I'll read them too. It wasn't bad, the writing was good, it just didn't engage me and just seemed to similar to other books of the same genre I've read."
241	stalebi	2	"Probably a 2.5. I really didn't get this book. It had so many good reviews so I thought it would blow me away but it didn't. It reminded me too much of the ""A Discovery of Witches"" books. I've got the others in the series so I'll read them too. It wasn't bad, the writing was good, it just didn't engage me and just seemed to similar to other books of the same genre I've read."
242	zhossainzadeh	2	Best book so far. Much better than the previous two, Meghan grows up and grows into the role. I want a happy ending now!
242	stalebi	2	Best book so far. Much better than the previous two, Meghan grows up and grows into the role. I want a happy ending now!
243	zhossainzadeh	2	When I started this book I had no idea I was reading a 5 star. I don't like giving 5 stars for books that only take me a morning to read but this is different. A wonderful story based on a concept that probably isn't too far from the truth, with believable characters. And simply one of the most disturbing chapters I have ever read in my life - in a young adult novel! Fantastic book. Looking forward to reading the sequels.
243	stalebi	2	When I started this book I had no idea I was reading a 5 star. I don't like giving 5 stars for books that only take me a morning to read but this is different. A wonderful story based on a concept that probably isn't too far from the truth, with believable characters. And simply one of the most disturbing chapters I have ever read in my life - in a young adult novel! Fantastic book. Looking forward to reading the sequels.
244	zhossainzadeh	2	I've read this book so many times. Well not this actual book but many more with the exact same storyline and characters. I finished it because I had an hour to kill waiting for a friend at the station and I wanted to know if it would end how I thought it would. It did. Not for me I'm afraid.
244	stalebi	2	I've read this book so many times. Well not this actual book but many more with the exact same storyline and characters. I finished it because I had an hour to kill waiting for a friend at the station and I wanted to know if it would end how I thought it would. It did. Not for me I'm afraid.
245	stalebi	2	The intrigue here was spectacular. Claire and Jamie struggle to keep their piece of NorthCarolina war free, but internal battle lands in their doorway.
245	zhossainzadeh	2	The intrigue here was spectacular. Claire and Jamie struggle to keep their piece of NorthCarolina war free, but internal battle lands in their doorway.
246	zhossainzadeh	2	I enjoyed this, though the beginning dragged. I have the PB and the first nearly two hundred pages was only one day and night. Still, I'd probably find Gabaldon's grocery list interesting enough to read on...so, uh, yeah. The good and bad of series--some books are just better, and this isn't the best. It is good and one can't progress to the next without jumping this hurdle.
246	stalebi	2	I enjoyed this, though the beginning dragged. I have the PB and the first nearly two hundred pages was only one day and night. Still, I'd probably find Gabaldon's grocery list interesting enough to read on...so, uh, yeah. The good and bad of series--some books are just better, and this isn't the best. It is good and one can't progress to the next without jumping this hurdle.
247	zhossainzadeh	2	My FAVE of the series. BY FAR! Not only do we watch Jamie and Claire reconnect, we get to see Brianna and Roger fall in love...and out of it..and in again.
247	stalebi	2	My FAVE of the series. BY FAR! Not only do we watch Jamie and Claire reconnect, we get to see Brianna and Roger fall in love...and out of it..and in again.
248	zhossainzadeh	2	I wish I could say this was the book that would make me die anticipating the next, but it isn't. Right now I'm rather glad I got it cheap. Even for urban fantasy it's plot was implausible, and the love triangle wasn't erotic, it was yucky. I'm of only one mind here---if a fourteen y/o is going to have sex in this series, it better damn well happen with another child--not a full-out man. I think I'll check out Burned when it's on the shelves...of my library.
248	stalebi	2	I wish I could say this was the book that would make me die anticipating the next, but it isn't. Right now I'm rather glad I got it cheap. Even for urban fantasy it's plot was implausible, and the love triangle wasn't erotic, it was yucky. I'm of only one mind here---if a fourteen y/o is going to have sex in this series, it better damn well happen with another child--not a full-out man. I think I'll check out Burned when it's on the shelves...of my library.
249	zhossainzadeh	2	Although I loved all the Fuentes brothers stories, this one is probably my favorite. Alex and Brittany are realistic and well-rendered. Love the dual viewpoint. It hits all the right notes.
249	stalebi	2	Although I loved all the Fuentes brothers stories, this one is probably my favorite. Alex and Brittany are realistic and well-rendered. Love the dual viewpoint. It hits all the right notes.
250	stalebi	2	I didn't finish this but I am shocked it has such crazy good reviews. What I read was so bad. Cheesy, implausible, and with all the depth and emotional heft of a napkin. I don't get the hype at all.
250	zhossainzadeh	2	I didn't finish this but I am shocked it has such crazy good reviews. What I read was so bad. Cheesy, implausible, and with all the depth and emotional heft of a napkin. I don't get the hype at all.
251	zhossainzadeh	2	"3.5 stars. For the reader who is able to accept a clever yet far fetched premise and historical romance that's pretty light on history this is charming and sweet and funny. I enjoyed it. Good fluff reading. Yay lobsters. I would have enjoyed reading even more ""courtship"" letters because they were great."
251	stalebi	2	"3.5 stars. For the reader who is able to accept a clever yet far fetched premise and historical romance that's pretty light on history this is charming and sweet and funny. I enjoyed it. Good fluff reading. Yay lobsters. I would have enjoyed reading even more ""courtship"" letters because they were great."
252	stalebi	2	This is the ninth Sanderson book I've sat down to read and the first that I didn't like. I read half of it and just couldn't get into it at all. I found it so dull. After enjoying the first two volumes so much I was shocked by how much this one didn't work for me. I'm just going to google spoilers to see how everything turns out.
252	zhossainzadeh	2	This is the ninth Sanderson book I've sat down to read and the first that I didn't like. I read half of it and just couldn't get into it at all. I found it so dull. After enjoying the first two volumes so much I was shocked by how much this one didn't work for me. I'm just going to google spoilers to see how everything turns out.
253	stalebi	2	Cool plot, awesome villain, adequate prose and character development, annoying unnecessary and unconvincing romance subplot.
253	zhossainzadeh	2	Cool plot, awesome villain, adequate prose and character development, annoying unnecessary and unconvincing romance subplot.
254	zhossainzadeh	2	I loved both books in Bennett's Divine Cities series so I decided to give some of his other work a whirl. I read 150 pages of this book and nothing happened. There was some cool creepy atmosphere in a few scenes but I need some actual character development and plot to keep me turning the pages.
254	stalebi	2	I loved both books in Bennett's Divine Cities series so I decided to give some of his other work a whirl. I read 150 pages of this book and nothing happened. There was some cool creepy atmosphere in a few scenes but I need some actual character development and plot to keep me turning the pages.
255	stalebi	2	I read half this book and it was inauthentic, pretentious garbage. It feels like it was written by a hipster alien who has no concept of how people and relationships actually work. I considered finishing it just so I could dismiss it in good conscience and enjoy a few more laughs at Groff's expense but ultimately I decided life's too short and bailed.
255	zhossainzadeh	2	I read half this book and it was inauthentic, pretentious garbage. It feels like it was written by a hipster alien who has no concept of how people and relationships actually work. I considered finishing it just so I could dismiss it in good conscience and enjoy a few more laughs at Groff's expense but ultimately I decided life's too short and bailed.
256	stalebi	2	This book had a strong start but despite the darkness of the material, which should have moved me, I found it pretty boring once Grace leaves the asylum. I can't really put my finger on why I was underwhelmed but I was. I think the book felt generic more than anything else after the first act.
256	zhossainzadeh	2	This book had a strong start but despite the darkness of the material, which should have moved me, I found it pretty boring once Grace leaves the asylum. I can't really put my finger on why I was underwhelmed but I was. I think the book felt generic more than anything else after the first act.
257	stalebi	2	I liked this a lot. It was a great character study that packs a real emotional wallop. The plot is a bit meandering but the quality of the characterizations and the prose is so high and the historical details about English society circa WWI so fascinating that the slack pace of the mystery isn't much of a problem. Definitely check this out!
257	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked this a lot. It was a great character study that packs a real emotional wallop. The plot is a bit meandering but the quality of the characterizations and the prose is so high and the historical details about English society circa WWI so fascinating that the slack pace of the mystery isn't much of a problem. Definitely check this out!
258	stalebi	2	"If you pick up this crazily awesome book late at night like I did last night you will be forced to stay up all night just to finish it, as I have. I just could not put this book down. It was unique and creepy and really excelled at creating a frightening atmosphere, while having ambitions beyond just scaring its audience. All the fun of a popcorn read and all the beautiful prose, sensitivity, and depth of a so called ""literary"" novel. I loved it! Drop what you're doing and read this now."
258	zhossainzadeh	2	"If you pick up this crazily awesome book late at night like I did last night you will be forced to stay up all night just to finish it, as I have. I just could not put this book down. It was unique and creepy and really excelled at creating a frightening atmosphere, while having ambitions beyond just scaring its audience. All the fun of a popcorn read and all the beautiful prose, sensitivity, and depth of a so called ""literary"" novel. I loved it! Drop what you're doing and read this now."
259	stalebi	2	I loved the first story in this book. I found the second terrible and the third stale and mediocre so I decided to quit there.
259	zhossainzadeh	2	I loved the first story in this book. I found the second terrible and the third stale and mediocre so I decided to quit there.
260	stalebi	2	I liked this book well enough to read it in practically one sitting, though I thought it lacked the level of depth and insight that typically characterizes Wolitzer's adult novels. The book also failed to sell the  twist ending about Reeve   adequately. I didn't have a problem with this plot development per se, but rather its execution. A good enough read to justify the time I spent on it but it did leave me wanting more.
260	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked this book well enough to read it in practically one sitting, though I thought it lacked the level of depth and insight that typically characterizes Wolitzer's adult novels. The book also failed to sell the  twist ending about Reeve   adequately. I didn't have a problem with this plot development per se, but rather its execution. A good enough read to justify the time I spent on it but it did leave me wanting more.
261	stalebi	2	There were many cool bits of writing in this book. However, despite some great scenes/situations I had problems with how the book was paced.
261	zhossainzadeh	2	There were many cool bits of writing in this book. However, despite some great scenes/situations I had problems with how the book was paced.
262	stalebi	2	Loved Coralie's story. It was dark and gross and weird and creative and fascinating. A lot of Eddie's story was a drag though. It connected nicely to Coralie's plotline in the end but it could have used some serious pruning.
262	zhossainzadeh	2	Loved Coralie's story. It was dark and gross and weird and creative and fascinating. A lot of Eddie's story was a drag though. It connected nicely to Coralie's plotline in the end but it could have used some serious pruning.
263	stalebi	2	Man did I love this book. Super creative, creepy, emotionally powerful, full of rich characters and awesome plot twists.
263	zhossainzadeh	2	Man did I love this book. Super creative, creepy, emotionally powerful, full of rich characters and awesome plot twists.
264	stalebi	2	I really liked this book at first but as it went on I found it overwritten and meandering and just exhausting. I made it through 300 pages but I just can't bring myself to finish.
264	zhossainzadeh	2	I really liked this book at first but as it went on I found it overwritten and meandering and just exhausting. I made it through 300 pages but I just can't bring myself to finish.
265	stalebi	2	3.5 stars. This is my favorite book of the three so far. I was very intrigued by the Crippled God and the mythology introduced in this volume. As was the case in book two, the incredibly large ensemble cast has some vivid and interesting characters and many totally generic soldiers.
265	zhossainzadeh	2	3.5 stars. This is my favorite book of the three so far. I was very intrigued by the Crippled God and the mythology introduced in this volume. As was the case in book two, the incredibly large ensemble cast has some vivid and interesting characters and many totally generic soldiers.
266	zhossainzadeh	2	There's good, fun, creative fantasy weird and then there's lame, contrived, fantasy weird. I only read 60 pages of this but it seemed to fall into the latter category.
266	stalebi	2	There's good, fun, creative fantasy weird and then there's lame, contrived, fantasy weird. I only read 60 pages of this but it seemed to fall into the latter category.
267	zhossainzadeh	2	Nuanced and compelling. I was totally sucked into this story from page one to the end. The character development was top notch and the writing style was perfect.
267	stalebi	2	Nuanced and compelling. I was totally sucked into this story from page one to the end. The character development was top notch and the writing style was perfect.
268	stalebi	2	I can't believe Margaret Atwood wrote this. The 175 pages of this I read before I made the decision to abandon it were shockingly terrible. The first two books are so good, don't taint them by picking up this volume. Yikes.
268	zhossainzadeh	2	I can't believe Margaret Atwood wrote this. The 175 pages of this I read before I made the decision to abandon it were shockingly terrible. The first two books are so good, don't taint them by picking up this volume. Yikes.
269	stalebi	2	This is one of those books where as you read you're fully cognizant of narrative flaws (the implausibility of many plot points, the predictability of the twist ending, the way the author doesn't do more than skim the surface of her characters' psyches) but you just can't stop reading. A highly entertaining albeit superficial page turner.
269	zhossainzadeh	2	This is one of those books where as you read you're fully cognizant of narrative flaws (the implausibility of many plot points, the predictability of the twist ending, the way the author doesn't do more than skim the surface of her characters' psyches) but you just can't stop reading. A highly entertaining albeit superficial page turner.
270	zhossainzadeh	2	This book rather derivative in parts and it lacks King's usual level of character development but it is still entertaining enough to be worth reading.
270	stalebi	2	This book rather derivative in parts and it lacks King's usual level of character development but it is still entertaining enough to be worth reading.
271	stalebi	2	The second half of this book was good. It was entertaining in its own right and set up book three nicely. Too bad I had to slog through hundreds of pages of dull, poorly paced teen angst to get there.
271	zhossainzadeh	2	The second half of this book was good. It was entertaining in its own right and set up book three nicely. Too bad I had to slog through hundreds of pages of dull, poorly paced teen angst to get there.
272	zhossainzadeh	2	This is just terrible all around. The plot is stupid, the characters are bland cliches, and the writing itself is colorless and dull.
272	stalebi	2	This is just terrible all around. The plot is stupid, the characters are bland cliches, and the writing itself is colorless and dull.
273	stalebi	2	2.5 stars. There is a good short story here that has been unfortunately puffed out into novel length. The story/characterizations are very thin. This is the type of mildly entertaining work you read in an afternoon and forget a week later.
273	zhossainzadeh	2	2.5 stars. There is a good short story here that has been unfortunately puffed out into novel length. The story/characterizations are very thin. This is the type of mildly entertaining work you read in an afternoon and forget a week later.
274	zhossainzadeh	2	"Great read! I guess I am more used to King's later work however because I actually found myself thinking ""I wish this was a little longer."""
274	stalebi	2	"Great read! I guess I am more used to King's later work however because I actually found myself thinking ""I wish this was a little longer."""
275	stalebi	2	This book was awesome!! I loved how the author replicated the feeling of doing archival research by using multiple narrators as well as faux historical documents. Each character here was engaging and fully realized. I was completely engrossed in both the 19th and 21st century plot lines. It was hard to put this down. Highly recommended.
275	zhossainzadeh	2	This book was awesome!! I loved how the author replicated the feeling of doing archival research by using multiple narrators as well as faux historical documents. Each character here was engaging and fully realized. I was completely engrossed in both the 19th and 21st century plot lines. It was hard to put this down. Highly recommended.
276	stalebi	2	This book is awful. It is incredibly dull, lazy and implausible. It reads like it was banged out over a long weekend. The flat first person narration combined with the third grade reading level of the text totally flattens out all the characters, and the plot is undercooked. I do not recommend this at all, and I wouldn't have even bothered finishing it if it hadn't been written by an author whose has written many books I do like.
276	zhossainzadeh	2	This book is awful. It is incredibly dull, lazy and implausible. It reads like it was banged out over a long weekend. The flat first person narration combined with the third grade reading level of the text totally flattens out all the characters, and the plot is undercooked. I do not recommend this at all, and I wouldn't have even bothered finishing it if it hadn't been written by an author whose has written many books I do like.
277	stalebi	2	Generic and dull diet Margaret Atwood. This book undermined its interesting premise with anemic and implausible world building, character development, and romance. Super fast read.
277	zhossainzadeh	2	Generic and dull diet Margaret Atwood. This book undermined its interesting premise with anemic and implausible world building, character development, and romance. Super fast read.
278	stalebi	2	I only read half of this before packing it in, it was dull as dishwater. I probably should have read it as a younger person or not at all. Characters are thin and the plot is dull. There are some short snatches of pretty writing but beyond that it's not worth reading. However, as I said I only read half of it so it might have picked up later.
278	zhossainzadeh	2	I only read half of this before packing it in, it was dull as dishwater. I probably should have read it as a younger person or not at all. Characters are thin and the plot is dull. There are some short snatches of pretty writing but beyond that it's not worth reading. However, as I said I only read half of it so it might have picked up later.
279	stalebi	2	4.5 stars. Really good! I can't wait to get into part 6. Fascinating dystopian world and great character development. A few very minor nitpicks about the ending of Wool 5 but other than that, awesome reading experience.
279	zhossainzadeh	2	4.5 stars. Really good! I can't wait to get into part 6. Fascinating dystopian world and great character development. A few very minor nitpicks about the ending of Wool 5 but other than that, awesome reading experience.
280	zhossainzadeh	2	Read just under half of this and it is dull, dull, dull. I could not give this book my full attention. It was so uninvolving I couldn't do anything but skim. I would read a page three or four times and not digest it because I was so uninterested. There is so much potential in the premise, but the execution is awful. This should be excellent, instead it's a total snooze.
280	stalebi	2	Read just under half of this and it is dull, dull, dull. I could not give this book my full attention. It was so uninvolving I couldn't do anything but skim. I would read a page three or four times and not digest it because I was so uninterested. There is so much potential in the premise, but the execution is awful. This should be excellent, instead it's a total snooze.
281	zhossainzadeh	2	I have been meaning to read this for years but alas all Changeling offers is the deadly dull execution of a cool premise. I think what is most striking about this book is how incredibly generic every aspect of it feels. There is not one memorable scene or character or plot twist or turn of phrase. I was forgetting this book as I was reading it it was so uninvolving. I guarantee in a month I won't remember a word of this. What a snooze.
281	stalebi	2	I have been meaning to read this for years but alas all Changeling offers is the deadly dull execution of a cool premise. I think what is most striking about this book is how incredibly generic every aspect of it feels. There is not one memorable scene or character or plot twist or turn of phrase. I was forgetting this book as I was reading it it was so uninvolving. I guarantee in a month I won't remember a word of this. What a snooze.
282	stalebi	2	Very dull and derivative of Grisham's other work. The plot is not interesting, the writing is lackluster and somewhat mean spirited, it feels like this was cashing a paycheck and that is it.
282	zhossainzadeh	2	Very dull and derivative of Grisham's other work. The plot is not interesting, the writing is lackluster and somewhat mean spirited, it feels like this was cashing a paycheck and that is it.
283	zhossainzadeh	2	For a short novella, this certainly packs a punch! Looking forward to learning more about Charles and Anna, and their world.
283	stalebi	2	For a short novella, this certainly packs a punch! Looking forward to learning more about Charles and Anna, and their world.
284	zhossainzadeh	2	Great end to this funny, sexy series and the saga of Drew Evans's life. Lots of outrageous moments, laugh out loud lines, and sexy times. As well as some cute scene stealers from Mackenzie and James.
284	stalebi	2	Great end to this funny, sexy series and the saga of Drew Evans's life. Lots of outrageous moments, laugh out loud lines, and sexy times. As well as some cute scene stealers from Mackenzie and James.
285	zhossainzadeh	2	I just want to take these two adorable people and squeeze them. Love this! This doesn't add to the story plotwise, but if you like/love Zuzana and Mik from the other books, this is highly recommended for a fun and super cute read of how they seized each other.
285	stalebi	2	I just want to take these two adorable people and squeeze them. Love this! This doesn't add to the story plotwise, but if you like/love Zuzana and Mik from the other books, this is highly recommended for a fun and super cute read of how they seized each other.
286	zhossainzadeh	2	I finally got a taste of Cat and Bones, and I liked it! The concept was different and unique. The writing kept me entertained and the story is action-packed. Looking forward to more of them soon!
286	stalebi	2	I finally got a taste of Cat and Bones, and I liked it! The concept was different and unique. The writing kept me entertained and the story is action-packed. Looking forward to more of them soon!
287	stalebi	2	Super short yet steamy read. I would've liked to see some more character development. Not sure if I would jump the guy who left me 10 years earlier the way Charlotte did though. I wanted to see him grovel more. :P
287	zhossainzadeh	2	Super short yet steamy read. I would've liked to see some more character development. Not sure if I would jump the guy who left me 10 years earlier the way Charlotte did though. I wanted to see him grovel more. :P
288	stalebi	2	3.5 stars. Though bumped it to 4 just for Reid and his HEA ending. This was a fun, quick read for me. I enjoyed the H/h even though the whole tough MMA fighter turned makeover TLC What Not to Wear was a bit hard for me to buy into. Other than that I enjoyed the writing and those hot sexy scenes.
288	zhossainzadeh	2	3.5 stars. Though bumped it to 4 just for Reid and his HEA ending. This was a fun, quick read for me. I enjoyed the H/h even though the whole tough MMA fighter turned makeover TLC What Not to Wear was a bit hard for me to buy into. Other than that I enjoyed the writing and those hot sexy scenes.
289	stalebi	2	This was the perfect end to an adorably, quirky, dark romance. To finally see Ash and Darian be able to let go and experience some moments of pure bliss. There is just something so special about Darian and especially in a union jack onsie. (hysterical) Glitterland is just something you have to experience.
289	zhossainzadeh	2	This was the perfect end to an adorably, quirky, dark romance. To finally see Ash and Darian be able to let go and experience some moments of pure bliss. There is just something so special about Darian and especially in a union jack onsie. (hysterical) Glitterland is just something you have to experience.
290	stalebi	2	For this review and more Live Read and Breathe I know some people have said that it was too much sex and not enough story but I have to disagree on that one. Even though there was a LOT of sex I felt like that was part of the story of Bennett and Chloe. Bennett and Chloe were so much alike that created such a hate/love relationship between the two that the only outlet valve was pure hot raw sex. Once that valve was opened they were able to really see each other for what they are and what they mean to each other. I liked the love story part of it and I especially liked the very raw, unhibitied sex scenes between the two.
290	zhossainzadeh	2	For this review and more Live Read and Breathe I know some people have said that it was too much sex and not enough story but I have to disagree on that one. Even though there was a LOT of sex I felt like that was part of the story of Bennett and Chloe. Bennett and Chloe were so much alike that created such a hate/love relationship between the two that the only outlet valve was pure hot raw sex. Once that valve was opened they were able to really see each other for what they are and what they mean to each other. I liked the love story part of it and I especially liked the very raw, unhibitied sex scenes between the two.
291	stalebi	2	I liked this book but it took a long time to get to the meat of the story. The Characters were good. Mourning a loss of a loved one is always hard and finding someone new to love can cause more issues. The end was good and I would read the next book in the series.
291	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked this book but it took a long time to get to the meat of the story. The Characters were good. Mourning a loss of a loved one is always hard and finding someone new to love can cause more issues. The end was good and I would read the next book in the series.
292	stalebi	2	Heartbreaking story of love and loss. This was a real tear jerker and makes my heart ache. Loved it though.
292	zhossainzadeh	2	Heartbreaking story of love and loss. This was a real tear jerker and makes my heart ache. Loved it though.
293	stalebi	2	A short storie included in The Demigod Files. Persephone has summoned Percy, Thalia and Nico (one son/daughter of the big 3) to find the sword of Hades before its too late. The sword is too powerful and it can free and titan and doom the greek gods for good. They have little time before the thief escapes the underworld, so they must use their strenghts to find him before its too late. Its a cute story, and a perfect book for kids.
293	zhossainzadeh	2	A short storie included in The Demigod Files. Persephone has summoned Percy, Thalia and Nico (one son/daughter of the big 3) to find the sword of Hades before its too late. The sword is too powerful and it can free and titan and doom the greek gods for good. They have little time before the thief escapes the underworld, so they must use their strenghts to find him before its too late. Its a cute story, and a perfect book for kids.
294	stalebi	2	I liked this book. Its a recopilations of 3 short stories told by Percy's pov. The first one is about him helping Clarise with a task form her father (greek God Ares), the second one is about him fighting against some gigant ants to save his friend (with the help of Annabeth) in the middle of a camp battle, and the third one is about finding the sword of Hades before the thief can leave the underworld. It also has some interviews to the characters, some puzzles and other fun things. It's ideal for kids.
294	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked this book. Its a recopilations of 3 short stories told by Percy's pov. The first one is about him helping Clarise with a task form her father (greek God Ares), the second one is about him fighting against some gigant ants to save his friend (with the help of Annabeth) in the middle of a camp battle, and the third one is about finding the sword of Hades before the thief can leave the underworld. It also has some interviews to the characters, some puzzles and other fun things. It's ideal for kids.
295	zhossainzadeh	2	This is a good YA series in my opinion. It has its faults, but I really enjoyed it (specially the other books in the saga) and I liked the characters. They can be annoying at sometimes, and there where definitively times when I tough about burning the book, but after reading the first 3 books (in which you have some sort of story closure, even if they re-pick it later) I was left with a nice feeling about the saga. Definitively worth a try. If you find its not for you, that's ok too.
295	stalebi	2	This is a good YA series in my opinion. It has its faults, but I really enjoyed it (specially the other books in the saga) and I liked the characters. They can be annoying at sometimes, and there where definitively times when I tough about burning the book, but after reading the first 3 books (in which you have some sort of story closure, even if they re-pick it later) I was left with a nice feeling about the saga. Definitively worth a try. If you find its not for you, that's ok too.
296	stalebi	2	"I just love these books. To quote Joel: ""This is an excellent wrap-up to Lisbeth's story and the trilogy, leaving exactly one thread hanging, and a small one at that, which is remarkable considerng it's number three in a planned run of 10. It leaves Mikael and Lisbeth in a great place, and pays off pretty much everything that was established over the previous two books. That it does so with a histrionic courtroom scene, all the better. """
296	zhossainzadeh	2	"I just love these books. To quote Joel: ""This is an excellent wrap-up to Lisbeth's story and the trilogy, leaving exactly one thread hanging, and a small one at that, which is remarkable considerng it's number three in a planned run of 10. It leaves Mikael and Lisbeth in a great place, and pays off pretty much everything that was established over the previous two books. That it does so with a histrionic courtroom scene, all the better. """
297	zhossainzadeh	2	Ok, So I know this book is about nothing but a silly, senseless love story, but I still enjoyed it. Its not well written and has MANY flaws, but I'm a romantic and like some parts of the book. Specially the end, when there is finally some action (even if is way too far-fetched). However, I get that this isn't one of the best books of all times, not even of the month, but I think its enjoyable and anyteen would fall in love with the book, even if it doesn't make any sense.
297	stalebi	2	Ok, So I know this book is about nothing but a silly, senseless love story, but I still enjoyed it. Its not well written and has MANY flaws, but I'm a romantic and like some parts of the book. Specially the end, when there is finally some action (even if is way too far-fetched). However, I get that this isn't one of the best books of all times, not even of the month, but I think its enjoyable and anyteen would fall in love with the book, even if it doesn't make any sense.
298	zhossainzadeh	2	This time, there is another murder and Hannah has to investigate to help clear her friends name. A nice secuel to the first book. I enjoyed reading it, because I love the town and the characters. The main plot about the murder was nice, and I love when Hannah gets way more clues and info than the cops. Its cute and fun, but just that.
298	stalebi	2	This time, there is another murder and Hannah has to investigate to help clear her friends name. A nice secuel to the first book. I enjoyed reading it, because I love the town and the characters. The main plot about the murder was nice, and I love when Hannah gets way more clues and info than the cops. Its cute and fun, but just that.
299	stalebi	2	That feeling you get when you realize even though you may be halfway through this truly stunning, fanfuckingtastic book, you just don't have time to sit down and truly savor it because your list of time-sensitive ARCs/review copies has gotten out of hand. I will come back for you, love. I will come back and read you cover to cover.
299	zhossainzadeh	2	That feeling you get when you realize even though you may be halfway through this truly stunning, fanfuckingtastic book, you just don't have time to sit down and truly savor it because your list of time-sensitive ARCs/review copies has gotten out of hand. I will come back for you, love. I will come back and read you cover to cover.
300	stalebi	2	Characters read a bit flat, but I was completely fascinated by the time-travel alt-history/steampunk world that Ciotta has created and I'm looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
300	zhossainzadeh	2	Characters read a bit flat, but I was completely fascinated by the time-travel alt-history/steampunk world that Ciotta has created and I'm looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
301	zhossainzadeh	2	Reasonably funny, but not as ambitious as the first one; it suffers by comparison. I'm definitely still interested in more in this world, though.
301	stalebi	2	Reasonably funny, but not as ambitious as the first one; it suffers by comparison. I'm definitely still interested in more in this world, though.
302	stalebi	2	I was unimpressed with the substitution of several seemingly unrelated stories strung together for the novel I was expecting. Yes, they all tied back together in the end, very clever. Disappointing, because normally I really enjoy that sort of clever. Plus, I was all excited when the first of the stories started up and it was back in the crimelord days. Perhaps what I should really do is go back and re-read Taltos and Yendi.
302	zhossainzadeh	2	I was unimpressed with the substitution of several seemingly unrelated stories strung together for the novel I was expecting. Yes, they all tied back together in the end, very clever. Disappointing, because normally I really enjoy that sort of clever. Plus, I was all excited when the first of the stories started up and it was back in the crimelord days. Perhaps what I should really do is go back and re-read Taltos and Yendi.
303	zhossainzadeh	2	Pleasing and clever, especially with the use of the first-person to hide information, but probably not something I would have picked up on its own merits; what's been recommended to me is the series as a whole.
303	stalebi	2	Pleasing and clever, especially with the use of the first-person to hide information, but probably not something I would have picked up on its own merits; what's been recommended to me is the series as a whole.
304	stalebi	2	...Well, that was far more quasi-incestuous sex magic than I expected to meet this side of fanfiction. I really liked this book. I'd hit a bad run and started to forget that the urban fantasy equivalent of the B movie can actually be good, but this is definitely a good book. It's cheerful and sexual and funny and well-built, and it definitely improved my week.
304	zhossainzadeh	2	...Well, that was far more quasi-incestuous sex magic than I expected to meet this side of fanfiction. I really liked this book. I'd hit a bad run and started to forget that the urban fantasy equivalent of the B movie can actually be good, but this is definitely a good book. It's cheerful and sexual and funny and well-built, and it definitely improved my week.
305	zhossainzadeh	2	This is the sort of fascinating and unsettling book that draws me in and keeps me up reading and ultimately makes me wonder: Am I jaded by too many exploding giant robots? Because I don't, at the end of this book, feel like anything has happened at all -- not even to me.
305	stalebi	2	This is the sort of fascinating and unsettling book that draws me in and keeps me up reading and ultimately makes me wonder: Am I jaded by too many exploding giant robots? Because I don't, at the end of this book, feel like anything has happened at all -- not even to me.
306	zhossainzadeh	2	The thing about the Nightside books is that each story has an interesting mystery plot and the series as a whole has an awesome fantasy arc, but far too much of every book is spent on infodumping, in loving detail, all of the fun that the author had worldbuilding. I found I was too jaded to get interested in new settings or characters after the first few books because so few of them are ever seen again, and even the ones that do recur often have only bit parts in later stories.
306	stalebi	2	The thing about the Nightside books is that each story has an interesting mystery plot and the series as a whole has an awesome fantasy arc, but far too much of every book is spent on infodumping, in loving detail, all of the fun that the author had worldbuilding. I found I was too jaded to get interested in new settings or characters after the first few books because so few of them are ever seen again, and even the ones that do recur often have only bit parts in later stories.
307	stalebi	2	I think I was supposed to find Vonnegut's post modern streaming of consciousness fascinating or interesting - I did not. I think this book was supposed to be somewhat funny - It is not. So it goes.
307	zhossainzadeh	2	I think I was supposed to find Vonnegut's post modern streaming of consciousness fascinating or interesting - I did not. I think this book was supposed to be somewhat funny - It is not. So it goes.
308	stalebi	2	This book is a lovely mash up vibe of H.P. Lovecraft cosmic horror and a 50's sci-fi movie. Really enjoy it and I'm really looking forward to read the other books in the trilogy!
308	zhossainzadeh	2	This book is a lovely mash up vibe of H.P. Lovecraft cosmic horror and a 50's sci-fi movie. Really enjoy it and I'm really looking forward to read the other books in the trilogy!
309	stalebi	2	I liked this book and I'm really looking forward to the rest of the series! If you don't mind a bit of sociopathy in your fantasy, this is your book!
309	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked this book and I'm really looking forward to the rest of the series! If you don't mind a bit of sociopathy in your fantasy, this is your book!
310	zhossainzadeh	2	I don't know what was about this book that made me like it so much. It isn't the best of Stephen King, it didn't impress me AT ALL, but after I finished, I keep missing Dev so much! I was unhappy for a while for wasn't be able to know about him anymore and sighing everytime I thought about him. I don't think this book is amazing, brilliant or anything like that, but the way it make me feel about Devin - even so long after I finished the book - deserve a five star rating.
310	stalebi	2	I don't know what was about this book that made me like it so much. It isn't the best of Stephen King, it didn't impress me AT ALL, but after I finished, I keep missing Dev so much! I was unhappy for a while for wasn't be able to know about him anymore and sighing everytime I thought about him. I don't think this book is amazing, brilliant or anything like that, but the way it make me feel about Devin - even so long after I finished the book - deserve a five star rating.
311	zhossainzadeh	2	I LOVED Jurassic Park. But it's not getting 5 stars for me because of REASONS. If you like science and if you like dinossaurs, this is your book! I think Crichton bring in to it the best of both to make an amazing tale of how humans can be stupid and yet you do not care because of how mesmerized you are by all this scientific greatness (yet, this not being real.) It is slower than the movie - regarding the action, but still manage to put you on the edge of your sit in some moments. It's very witty, very funny, very thrilling and I found it to be very smart (especially Malcolm, and not the math moments).
311	stalebi	2	I LOVED Jurassic Park. But it's not getting 5 stars for me because of REASONS. If you like science and if you like dinossaurs, this is your book! I think Crichton bring in to it the best of both to make an amazing tale of how humans can be stupid and yet you do not care because of how mesmerized you are by all this scientific greatness (yet, this not being real.) It is slower than the movie - regarding the action, but still manage to put you on the edge of your sit in some moments. It's very witty, very funny, very thrilling and I found it to be very smart (especially Malcolm, and not the math moments).
312	zhossainzadeh	2	"I read the entire Maiden Lane series back to back so I can't tell the books apart right now, but I'm giving the series as a whole a 5 because obviously Hoyt made me her bitch and I'm okay with that. I also want to say that when I started the first book I was so glad they were on my kindle because I was extremely embarrassed that I was reading an ""old lady book"". Well, by the time I got to the fourth book I didn't care who saw me reading a book with Fabio on the cover (I'm pretty sure it didn't have him on the cover) because I was *that* immersed in this world. I shall never call Regency Romance ""old lady books"" again. Okay, I'm lying. I probably will, but that's okay because 1- I'm not that young and 2- I obviously enjoy them."
312	stalebi	2	"I read the entire Maiden Lane series back to back so I can't tell the books apart right now, but I'm giving the series as a whole a 5 because obviously Hoyt made me her bitch and I'm okay with that. I also want to say that when I started the first book I was so glad they were on my kindle because I was extremely embarrassed that I was reading an ""old lady book"". Well, by the time I got to the fourth book I didn't care who saw me reading a book with Fabio on the cover (I'm pretty sure it didn't have him on the cover) because I was *that* immersed in this world. I shall never call Regency Romance ""old lady books"" again. Okay, I'm lying. I probably will, but that's okay because 1- I'm not that young and 2- I obviously enjoy them."
313	zhossainzadeh	2	I finished reading this at 2am. Two words: CLETUS. WINSTON. I'll be back with my favorite highlights, but as usual Penny delivers a witty, smart, lovely story that I'll be smiling about for days and definitely re-reading in the future.
313	stalebi	2	I finished reading this at 2am. Two words: CLETUS. WINSTON. I'll be back with my favorite highlights, but as usual Penny delivers a witty, smart, lovely story that I'll be smiling about for days and definitely re-reading in the future.
314	stalebi	2	Suspenseful, gripping, and absolutely stunning read.
314	zhossainzadeh	2	Suspenseful, gripping, and absolutely stunning read.
315	zhossainzadeh	2	Lincoln = <3 I love the way this story is told. I love every single character in it. I love the humor, the writing, the pop culture references, the struggles everybody is going through individually. Just. Awesome.
315	stalebi	2	Lincoln = <3 I love the way this story is told. I love every single character in it. I love the humor, the writing, the pop culture references, the struggles everybody is going through individually. Just. Awesome.
316	zhossainzadeh	2	The first book was erotic, this one was off the charts and the secondary elements of the story really took off in this book and made me feel. I really, really liked the conclusion.
316	stalebi	2	The first book was erotic, this one was off the charts and the secondary elements of the story really took off in this book and made me feel. I really, really liked the conclusion.
317	zhossainzadeh	2	I enjoyed it and am looking forward to the second book! While I liked the characters and I know secrets must stay somewhat hidden bc of whatever underlining plot there is, it turned me off that there wasn't really enough for the reader to go on and even try to figure out what Jax' big issue is. Maybe it was me. Either way I enjoyed it.
317	stalebi	2	I enjoyed it and am looking forward to the second book! While I liked the characters and I know secrets must stay somewhat hidden bc of whatever underlining plot there is, it turned me off that there wasn't really enough for the reader to go on and even try to figure out what Jax' big issue is. Maybe it was me. Either way I enjoyed it.
318	zhossainzadeh	2	I loved the writing, the story, the characters. I didn't read If You Stay before this one, but will be reading it soon because I am intrigued about Pax and Mila now (even though I know what happens in their future...I'm okay with spoilers, though). Overall, I enjoyed this one a lot!
318	stalebi	2	I loved the writing, the story, the characters. I didn't read If You Stay before this one, but will be reading it soon because I am intrigued about Pax and Mila now (even though I know what happens in their future...I'm okay with spoilers, though). Overall, I enjoyed this one a lot!
319	stalebi	2	This is difficult for me to rate. On one hand I loved it, on another I didn't. Regardless, it made me think. It made me thankful for my life. It made me open my eyes a little wider. For that, I rate it a 4.
319	zhossainzadeh	2	This is difficult for me to rate. On one hand I loved it, on another I didn't. Regardless, it made me think. It made me thankful for my life. It made me open my eyes a little wider. For that, I rate it a 4.
320	stalebi	2	LOVED this story! I cannot wait for book two. I guessed the twist, I hate when I do that, but I loved it so much anyway. Cash and Nash are definitely book boyfriend material. I also loved Olivia, a female character who was not dumb but not pushy-she was perfect.
320	zhossainzadeh	2	LOVED this story! I cannot wait for book two. I guessed the twist, I hate when I do that, but I loved it so much anyway. Cash and Nash are definitely book boyfriend material. I also loved Olivia, a female character who was not dumb but not pushy-she was perfect.
321	zhossainzadeh	2	I really enjoyed this book. I loved that the main character, Haley, is not a super skinny model type. She's chubby, she's shy but has spunk. Very relatable. Anyway, it's a very cute and steamy love story.
321	stalebi	2	I really enjoyed this book. I loved that the main character, Haley, is not a super skinny model type. She's chubby, she's shy but has spunk. Very relatable. Anyway, it's a very cute and steamy love story.
322	zhossainzadeh	2	I won this book in a Goodreads giveaway, and I found it to be a good example of its genre. It isn't terribly deep, but it's well-written. I learned a lot about the fishermen who live outside of Venice and about the Republic of Salo. All told, it was a nice read.
322	stalebi	2	I won this book in a Goodreads giveaway, and I found it to be a good example of its genre. It isn't terribly deep, but it's well-written. I learned a lot about the fishermen who live outside of Venice and about the Republic of Salo. All told, it was a nice read.
323	zhossainzadeh	2	I checked this book out of the library for my eight-year-old stepson to read, but I quickly realized it was much too advanced for him, so I decided to read it myself. I really enjoyed it. Now I can't wait to find out what happens in the sequel.
323	stalebi	2	I checked this book out of the library for my eight-year-old stepson to read, but I quickly realized it was much too advanced for him, so I decided to read it myself. I really enjoyed it. Now I can't wait to find out what happens in the sequel.
324	stalebi	2	I liked this book in many ways, but I must admit I'm also a little confused by it. I'm not exactly sure what happened, how it happened, or why it had to happen that way. My favorite sections were with Mary in the land of the mulefa. I'd love to read a whole book about them!
324	zhossainzadeh	2	I liked this book in many ways, but I must admit I'm also a little confused by it. I'm not exactly sure what happened, how it happened, or why it had to happen that way. My favorite sections were with Mary in the land of the mulefa. I'd love to read a whole book about them!
325	stalebi	2	It's hard for me to rate this book, because it's very clear when you come to the end that the second volume will be a continuation of the same story. Still, I will say that Valente is very clever (and sometimes maddening) in the way she has entwined all these stories together. I can't wait to start the second volume, but at the same time, I'm a little leery of going into the lion's den again!
325	zhossainzadeh	2	It's hard for me to rate this book, because it's very clear when you come to the end that the second volume will be a continuation of the same story. Still, I will say that Valente is very clever (and sometimes maddening) in the way she has entwined all these stories together. I can't wait to start the second volume, but at the same time, I'm a little leery of going into the lion's den again!
326	stalebi	2	There are so many glowing reviews of this book here that I feel a little ashamed to admit that I thought it was just ok. I wonder if that has something to do with the age at which I read it. Perhaps if I'd first encountered it as a child, I'd feel the same way I do about Alice in Wonderland or The Wizard of Oz. And maybe if I'd waited until adulthood to read those books, I wouldn't think much of them either. All I know is that I found this story to be a pleasant trifle and nothing more.
326	zhossainzadeh	2	There are so many glowing reviews of this book here that I feel a little ashamed to admit that I thought it was just ok. I wonder if that has something to do with the age at which I read it. Perhaps if I'd first encountered it as a child, I'd feel the same way I do about Alice in Wonderland or The Wizard of Oz. And maybe if I'd waited until adulthood to read those books, I wouldn't think much of them either. All I know is that I found this story to be a pleasant trifle and nothing more.
327	stalebi	2	I've read all of the Laundry books more than once and I'm going to have to do so again with this one, but this time to see if I can up my score. It's a good Laundry story but it felt too long overall while still rushed in parts. There was a couple of big gaps in my reading of this (damn you work!) which might have influenced my experience. I actually came away from this sympathising with almost everyone but Mo, I'm not sure that was the intent.
327	zhossainzadeh	2	I've read all of the Laundry books more than once and I'm going to have to do so again with this one, but this time to see if I can up my score. It's a good Laundry story but it felt too long overall while still rushed in parts. There was a couple of big gaps in my reading of this (damn you work!) which might have influenced my experience. I actually came away from this sympathising with almost everyone but Mo, I'm not sure that was the intent.
328	zhossainzadeh	2	A near future tale of a world where disease is defeated. Told from the point of view of the cure. In so many ways this is a brilliant book, grim, but brilliant.
328	stalebi	2	A near future tale of a world where disease is defeated. Told from the point of view of the cure. In so many ways this is a brilliant book, grim, but brilliant.
329	stalebi	2	What can I say, a guilty pleasure. I read these after watching the third or fourth TV series and they are not disappointing. The writing style is light and not without humour, much more so than in the series. Fluff, but enjoyable fluff.
329	zhossainzadeh	2	What can I say, a guilty pleasure. I read these after watching the third or fourth TV series and they are not disappointing. The writing style is light and not without humour, much more so than in the series. Fluff, but enjoyable fluff.
330	stalebi	2	Certainly not a happy book, the bleakness is reminiscent of China Mieville in places, but the setting is fascinating and the plot and characters intriguing.
330	zhossainzadeh	2	Certainly not a happy book, the bleakness is reminiscent of China Mieville in places, but the setting is fascinating and the plot and characters intriguing.
331	stalebi	2	This is one of the funniest books I had read by two of the funniest authors I have ever read. A superb collaboration.
331	zhossainzadeh	2	This is one of the funniest books I had read by two of the funniest authors I have ever read. A superb collaboration.
332	zhossainzadeh	2	It's an elegant book by almost any definition. The prose is immaculate: easy to read, tight and effective. Like a good piece of jazz the effortlessness belies the amount of work required for the effect.
332	stalebi	2	It's an elegant book by almost any definition. The prose is immaculate: easy to read, tight and effective. Like a good piece of jazz the effortlessness belies the amount of work required for the effect.
333	zhossainzadeh	2	Very good debut novel. Sharp plotting, good characterisation and great world building without being intrusive.
333	stalebi	2	Very good debut novel. Sharp plotting, good characterisation and great world building without being intrusive.
334	stalebi	2	While The Late Show was occasionally bogged down by too many technical details concerning police procedures, and there were waaaaaaay more acronyms than I would have liked, Ballard is a kick ass, rebellious, and intriguing character that I loved rooting for. Michael Connelly has created another flawed but irresistible protagonist- more Ballard, please! This ARC was obtained at BookExpo'17, with thanks to Little, Brown and Company/Hachette Book Group, in exchange for an honest review.
334	zhossainzadeh	2	While The Late Show was occasionally bogged down by too many technical details concerning police procedures, and there were waaaaaaay more acronyms than I would have liked, Ballard is a kick ass, rebellious, and intriguing character that I loved rooting for. Michael Connelly has created another flawed but irresistible protagonist- more Ballard, please! This ARC was obtained at BookExpo'17, with thanks to Little, Brown and Company/Hachette Book Group, in exchange for an honest review.
335	stalebi	2	3.5 stars In this rather odd, but decidedly charming novel, a lonely and work-obsessed woman inherits a remarkable sourdough starter and embraces a new hobby which leads to many personal and professional surprises. This ARC was obtained at BookExpo17- with thanks to Macmillan- in exchange for an honest review.
335	zhossainzadeh	2	3.5 stars In this rather odd, but decidedly charming novel, a lonely and work-obsessed woman inherits a remarkable sourdough starter and embraces a new hobby which leads to many personal and professional surprises. This ARC was obtained at BookExpo17- with thanks to Macmillan- in exchange for an honest review.
336	zhossainzadeh	2	Between Kate Warne's fascinating real life story as the first female Pinkerton detective and Macallister's gift with weaving a compelling tale, The Girl in Disguise is an exciting historical novel that should not be missed. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
336	stalebi	2	Between Kate Warne's fascinating real life story as the first female Pinkerton detective and Macallister's gift with weaving a compelling tale, The Girl in Disguise is an exciting historical novel that should not be missed. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
337	zhossainzadeh	2	4th&up Sob! Dead Poet's Society meets Ferris Bueller's Day Off for the middle school set. Wonderful characters, a moving story line, and amusing antics, combine to create a modern classic for preteens. Highly recommended.
337	stalebi	2	4th&up Sob! Dead Poet's Society meets Ferris Bueller's Day Off for the middle school set. Wonderful characters, a moving story line, and amusing antics, combine to create a modern classic for preteens. Highly recommended.
338	stalebi	2	3.5 stars: *bump this up to a 4 if you haven't read Station Eleven, or if you're a huge fan of Survivor type reality television. This is the tale of a survival-style TV contestant who unknowingly gets caught up in the aftermath of a near-species ending plague and finds that she's fighting for more than prize money. The Last One has flaws, but is also very engaging. I'll definitely seek Oliva out in the future.
338	zhossainzadeh	2	3.5 stars: *bump this up to a 4 if you haven't read Station Eleven, or if you're a huge fan of Survivor type reality television. This is the tale of a survival-style TV contestant who unknowingly gets caught up in the aftermath of a near-species ending plague and finds that she's fighting for more than prize money. The Last One has flaws, but is also very engaging. I'll definitely seek Oliva out in the future.
339	stalebi	2	A great example of a New Adult romance romance novel- filled with real and emotional story lines, tough situations, wonderful relationship, and new experiences.
339	zhossainzadeh	2	A great example of a New Adult romance romance novel- filled with real and emotional story lines, tough situations, wonderful relationship, and new experiences.
340	zhossainzadeh	2	3.5 stars I didn't realize at first that this is an extension of the Dark Protector series, which I did not complete. While most readers would not find this to be a stumbling block, that sort of thing drives me crazy- I always feel haunted by what I'm missing. Aside from that, the story was HOT and fast-paced, with intriguing characters that I enjoyed spending time with. I did feel that at times the hero was (dare I say...) a bit too Neanderthal. Still, a solid start to Zanetti's new series.
340	stalebi	2	3.5 stars I didn't realize at first that this is an extension of the Dark Protector series, which I did not complete. While most readers would not find this to be a stumbling block, that sort of thing drives me crazy- I always feel haunted by what I'm missing. Aside from that, the story was HOT and fast-paced, with intriguing characters that I enjoyed spending time with. I did feel that at times the hero was (dare I say...) a bit too Neanderthal. Still, a solid start to Zanetti's new series.
341	zhossainzadeh	2	9th&up, 3.5 stars (needed more Raffe) *Do not pick this novel up unless you've read Angelfall. World Afterdoes have a recap in the beginning, but if you haven't read book 1, it'll just sound absolutely insane. While I definitely felt the lack of Raffe through most of the book, the last third was enough to bring this 3 stars up to a 3.5. I'm absolutely on board for the closer volume.
341	stalebi	2	9th&up, 3.5 stars (needed more Raffe) *Do not pick this novel up unless you've read Angelfall. World Afterdoes have a recap in the beginning, but if you haven't read book 1, it'll just sound absolutely insane. While I definitely felt the lack of Raffe through most of the book, the last third was enough to bring this 3 stars up to a 3.5. I'm absolutely on board for the closer volume.
342	stalebi	2	9th&up The Scooby gang is back and better than ever as they strive to save their world from the evil machinations of their nemesis, Sebastian Morgenstern. Loose ends are neatly tied up (with the exceptions of the threads that lead to the many companion series), and most of our Shadowhunter friends get their happily ever after. What a great way to wrap up the series!
342	zhossainzadeh	2	9th&up The Scooby gang is back and better than ever as they strive to save their world from the evil machinations of their nemesis, Sebastian Morgenstern. Loose ends are neatly tied up (with the exceptions of the threads that lead to the many companion series), and most of our Shadowhunter friends get their happily ever after. What a great way to wrap up the series!
343	stalebi	2	3.5 stars, 8th&up So...there are new characters and betrayals, deaths and shocking truths, the return of Valentine along with plenty of demons, battles and alliances, but mostly there's Clary and Jace and wanting them to be together and them thinking they're siblings but still not being able to stay away from each other and that being completely squiffy, but not really because you know they can't really be related...and oh, thank goodness! when the truth finally comes out.
343	zhossainzadeh	2	3.5 stars, 8th&up So...there are new characters and betrayals, deaths and shocking truths, the return of Valentine along with plenty of demons, battles and alliances, but mostly there's Clary and Jace and wanting them to be together and them thinking they're siblings but still not being able to stay away from each other and that being completely squiffy, but not really because you know they can't really be related...and oh, thank goodness! when the truth finally comes out.
344	zhossainzadeh	2	8th&up, 3.5 stars Seemingly typical teens with atypical powers band together to help one of their own when he finds himself in a life-threatening situation. Although in the beginning I struggled a bit to connect and root for the Zeroes, by the end I was fully involved. I look forward to reading more adventures from this motley group of heroes in training. This novel was obtained at BEA15, in exchange for an honest review
344	stalebi	2	8th&up, 3.5 stars Seemingly typical teens with atypical powers band together to help one of their own when he finds himself in a life-threatening situation. Although in the beginning I struggled a bit to connect and root for the Zeroes, by the end I was fully involved. I look forward to reading more adventures from this motley group of heroes in training. This novel was obtained at BEA15, in exchange for an honest review
345	stalebi	1	Rating: 4.5 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Can't wait for the sequel.
345	zhossainzadeh	1	Rating: 4.5 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Can't wait for the sequel.
346	zhossainzadeh	1	Rating: 3.5 stars. It was a fun read.
346	stalebi	1	Rating: 3.5 stars. It was a fun read.
347	zhossainzadeh	1	This is so so so adorable!
347	stalebi	1	This is so so so adorable!
348	zhossainzadeh	1	One of the best stories I've ever read.
348	stalebi	1	One of the best stories I've ever read.
349	stalebi	1	I'm in so much pain.
349	zhossainzadeh	1	I'm in so much pain.
350	stalebi	1	So addicting! It took me forever but now I can't wait for the third one!! Then maybe I can watch the tv shows
350	zhossainzadeh	1	So addicting! It took me forever but now I can't wait for the third one!! Then maybe I can watch the tv shows
351	zhossainzadeh	1	Blah. Nothing here to keep me interested. Maybe I will try again another time.
351	stalebi	1	Blah. Nothing here to keep me interested. Maybe I will try again another time.
352	stalebi	1	A great finish to a great series! Definitely a series to have a hard copy of and read over and over again.
352	zhossainzadeh	1	A great finish to a great series! Definitely a series to have a hard copy of and read over and over again.
353	zhossainzadeh	1	I love Four. I want more!
353	stalebi	1	I love Four. I want more!
354	zhossainzadeh	1	It is too late in the night to write it a review. It will be coming soon
354	stalebi	1	It is too late in the night to write it a review. It will be coming soon
355	zhossainzadeh	1	I registered a book at BookCrossing.com! http://www.BookCrossing.com/journal/14158776
355	stalebi	1	I registered a book at BookCrossing.com! http://www.BookCrossing.com/journal/14158776
356	zhossainzadeh	1	Fun, racy but I'm a bit disappointed.
356	stalebi	1	Fun, racy but I'm a bit disappointed.
357	zhossainzadeh	1	** spoiler alert ** Totally love Er Lang. He came in a surprise but that's what so sweet about it.
357	stalebi	1	** spoiler alert ** Totally love Er Lang. He came in a surprise but that's what so sweet about it.
358	zhossainzadeh	1	I'm both sad and overwhelmed by the truth the tale can be.
358	stalebi	1	I'm both sad and overwhelmed by the truth the tale can be.
359	stalebi	1	I grieve with Fitz but this is truly one of the best woven ending I've ever read.
359	zhossainzadeh	1	I grieve with Fitz but this is truly one of the best woven ending I've ever read.
360	zhossainzadeh	1	Loved the art style, Rick is much more relatable and little Carl is adorable.
360	stalebi	1	Loved the art style, Rick is much more relatable and little Carl is adorable.
361	stalebi	1	This was the best book I have read in years and years. Will do a full review this weekend but 10/10 would recommend.
361	zhossainzadeh	1	This was the best book I have read in years and years. Will do a full review this weekend but 10/10 would recommend.
362	zhossainzadeh	1	fuck I am speechless 10/10 would recommend to anyone regardless of slow jude beginnings
362	stalebi	1	fuck I am speechless 10/10 would recommend to anyone regardless of slow jude beginnings
363	zhossainzadeh	1	Awesome, yet I do not recognize much of it. Most of it is pretty obvious too, but love the writing style! :D
363	stalebi	1	Awesome, yet I do not recognize much of it. Most of it is pretty obvious too, but love the writing style! :D
364	zhossainzadeh	1	One of the best books I've read.
364	stalebi	1	One of the best books I've read.
365	stalebi	1	I don't get it. The characters I think I'm supposed to like I actually hate with fiery passion.
365	zhossainzadeh	1	I don't get it. The characters I think I'm supposed to like I actually hate with fiery passion.
366	zhossainzadeh	1	2.5 - this book was a lot like book 3 but not quite as bad.
366	stalebi	1	2.5 - this book was a lot like book 3 but not quite as bad.
367	stalebi	1	Didn't enjoy this as much as the first two but still very good.
367	zhossainzadeh	1	Didn't enjoy this as much as the first two but still very good.
368	zhossainzadeh	1	Got to 32% before I decided I'd rather gouge my own eyes out.
368	stalebi	1	Got to 32% before I decided I'd rather gouge my own eyes out.
369	stalebi	1	George R R Martin writes children's stories in comparison to this.
369	zhossainzadeh	1	George R R Martin writes children's stories in comparison to this.
370	stalebi	1	I read this years ago. No idea why it is coming up as not finished!
370	zhossainzadeh	1	I read this years ago. No idea why it is coming up as not finished!
371	stalebi	1	1.5 - it was ok, just not my thing.
371	zhossainzadeh	1	1.5 - it was ok, just not my thing.
372	stalebi	1	I'm giving this a 4 because of a spoiler. The rest of it is a 3 to 3.5. The Infernal Devices was superior.
372	zhossainzadeh	1	I'm giving this a 4 because of a spoiler. The rest of it is a 3 to 3.5. The Infernal Devices was superior.
373	zhossainzadeh	1	I'm pretty sure that this could have been added onto the last book more succinctly.
373	stalebi	1	I'm pretty sure that this could have been added onto the last book more succinctly.
374	stalebi	1	oh my days, I didn't expect that!!!!
374	zhossainzadeh	1	oh my days, I didn't expect that!!!!
375	zhossainzadeh	1	the writing was beautiful but I'm not sure about the story.
375	stalebi	1	the writing was beautiful but I'm not sure about the story.
376	zhossainzadeh	1	I'm trying to decide how many stars to give this book. Yes, it is poor in laces but in others it is ok and I was drawn into the story and the world. Probably two and a half but I'll have a think.
376	stalebi	1	I'm trying to decide how many stars to give this book. Yes, it is poor in laces but in others it is ok and I was drawn into the story and the world. Probably two and a half but I'll have a think.
377	zhossainzadeh	1	Definitely great.
377	stalebi	1	Definitely great.
378	stalebi	1	A fantastic follow-up to Leaving Paradise. Definitely recommend.
378	zhossainzadeh	1	A fantastic follow-up to Leaving Paradise. Definitely recommend.
379	stalebi	1	Cold and dull.
379	zhossainzadeh	1	Cold and dull.
380	stalebi	1	A likable enough book but sluggishly paced
380	zhossainzadeh	1	A likable enough book but sluggishly paced
381	zhossainzadeh	1	I won a copy of this book as a Goodreads giveaway which made me really excited but I am morally opposed to reading books that don't use quotation marks for dialogue. It's an unbearably obnoxious stylistic choice. I didn't read enough of this to get any sense of whether it's good or not and I don't plan to.
381	stalebi	1	I won a copy of this book as a Goodreads giveaway which made me really excited but I am morally opposed to reading books that don't use quotation marks for dialogue. It's an unbearably obnoxious stylistic choice. I didn't read enough of this to get any sense of whether it's good or not and I don't plan to.
382	stalebi	1	This is a very sweet and perceptive coming of age novel. I really enjoyed it and it gave me the warm and fuzzies in a major way.
382	zhossainzadeh	1	This is a very sweet and perceptive coming of age novel. I really enjoyed it and it gave me the warm and fuzzies in a major way.
383	stalebi	1	Staggeringly pointless. I don't think I have ever read something with less content. There is absolutely nothing here.
383	zhossainzadeh	1	Staggeringly pointless. I don't think I have ever read something with less content. There is absolutely nothing here.
384	zhossainzadeh	1	I am happy to say after finding First Shift: Legacy good but a comedown in quality from Wool 1-5 Second Shift: Order is back up to the higher standard set by the first five stories of the Wool Omnibus.
384	stalebi	1	I am happy to say after finding First Shift: Legacy good but a comedown in quality from Wool 1-5 Second Shift: Order is back up to the higher standard set by the first five stories of the Wool Omnibus.
385	stalebi	1	Light quick read. Full review to be posted near publication date... ARC received from Sourcebooks Casablanca and NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
385	zhossainzadeh	1	Light quick read. Full review to be posted near publication date... ARC received from Sourcebooks Casablanca and NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
386	stalebi	1	4.5 stars I just want to keep reading and reading about these characters and their ever changing world.
386	zhossainzadeh	1	4.5 stars I just want to keep reading and reading about these characters and their ever changing world.
387	stalebi	1	Nev Chamberlain, you are a sexy man... YUM! This was a great, fun and sexy read from beginning to end. Though an epilogue would have been nice to see what else is in Nev and Cath's future.
387	zhossainzadeh	1	Nev Chamberlain, you are a sexy man... YUM! This was a great, fun and sexy read from beginning to end. Though an epilogue would have been nice to see what else is in Nev and Cath's future.
388	stalebi	1	Re-read August 2016.
388	zhossainzadeh	1	Re-read August 2016.
389	zhossainzadeh	1	Re-read August 2016.
389	stalebi	1	Re-read August 2016.
390	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
390	stalebi	1	review to come
391	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
391	stalebi	1	review to come
392	stalebi	1	review to come
392	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
393	stalebi	1	3.5 review to come
393	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 review to come
394	stalebi	1	3.5 review to come
394	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 review to come
395	stalebi	1	review to come
395	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
396	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 stars Review to come
396	stalebi	1	3.5 stars Review to come
397	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
397	stalebi	1	review to come
398	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
398	stalebi	1	review to come
399	stalebi	1	Review to come
399	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come
400	stalebi	1	review to come
400	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
401	stalebi	1	Review to come
401	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come
402	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
402	stalebi	1	review to come
403	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
403	stalebi	1	review to come
404	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
404	stalebi	1	review to come
405	zhossainzadeh	1	DNF will comment later.
405	stalebi	1	DNF will comment later.
406	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
406	stalebi	1	review to come
407	stalebi	1	Review to come
407	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come
408	stalebi	1	3.5 Stars Review to come
408	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 Stars Review to come
409	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come
409	stalebi	1	Review to come
410	stalebi	1	review to come
410	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
411	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come
411	stalebi	1	Review to come
412	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 stars review to come
412	stalebi	1	3.5 stars review to come
413	zhossainzadeh	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
413	stalebi	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
414	stalebi	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
414	zhossainzadeh	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
415	zhossainzadeh	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here
415	stalebi	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here
416	stalebi	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
416	zhossainzadeh	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
417	stalebi	1	Review to come
417	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come
418	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
418	stalebi	1	review to come
419	zhossainzadeh	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
419	stalebi	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
420	stalebi	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
420	zhossainzadeh	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
421	zhossainzadeh	1	4.5 stars Review to come May 7/13. But what I can say it was a sweet story and I am glad that I got the chance to read it. :) And Grant is awesome and so book Bf worthy.
421	stalebi	1	4.5 stars Review to come May 7/13. But what I can say it was a sweet story and I am glad that I got the chance to read it. :) And Grant is awesome and so book Bf worthy.
422	stalebi	1	I Loved Flat Out LOve and was ecstatic to see life from Matt's perspective. Loved it and so recommend this heartfelt series.
422	zhossainzadeh	1	I Loved Flat Out LOve and was ecstatic to see life from Matt's perspective. Loved it and so recommend this heartfelt series.
423	stalebi	1	4.5 review to come
423	zhossainzadeh	1	4.5 review to come
424	stalebi	1	review to come
424	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
425	stalebi	1	review to come
425	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
426	stalebi	1	[image error] I am sorry but I felt like this book was all over the place and I was WTF ing the whole way through. I tried to like it but I just couldn't
426	zhossainzadeh	1	[image error] I am sorry but I felt like this book was all over the place and I was WTF ing the whole way through. I tried to like it but I just couldn't
427	stalebi	1	I liked it but not as much as the men of honor series. Still was a good story and read though
427	zhossainzadeh	1	I liked it but not as much as the men of honor series. Still was a good story and read though
428	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come
428	stalebi	1	Review to come
429	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
429	stalebi	1	review to come
430	stalebi	1	review to come
430	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
431	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
431	stalebi	1	review to come
432	stalebi	1	This book was dark and disheartening but still profound and deep.
432	zhossainzadeh	1	This book was dark and disheartening but still profound and deep.
433	stalebi	1	OMG Fraking Loved it! It brought me to similar emotions to when i read the gamble the first of this series. Everything about this book was great but especially Chace and Faye
433	zhossainzadeh	1	OMG Fraking Loved it! It brought me to similar emotions to when i read the gamble the first of this series. Everything about this book was great but especially Chace and Faye
434	stalebi	1	It was dark but good. I liked it but it was not my favorite BDSM type novel
434	zhossainzadeh	1	It was dark but good. I liked it but it was not my favorite BDSM type novel
435	stalebi	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
435	zhossainzadeh	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
436	stalebi	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
436	zhossainzadeh	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
437	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
437	stalebi	1	review to come
438	stalebi	1	review to come
438	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
439	zhossainzadeh	1	Surprisingly cute read!
439	stalebi	1	Surprisingly cute read!
440	zhossainzadeh	1	I Liked it! It was like sexy, steamy big bang theory.
440	stalebi	1	I Liked it! It was like sexy, steamy big bang theory.
441	zhossainzadeh	1	review to follow
441	stalebi	1	review to follow
442	stalebi	1	review to follow
442	zhossainzadeh	1	review to follow
443	stalebi	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
443	zhossainzadeh	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
444	stalebi	1	Review to come
444	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come
445	zhossainzadeh	1	Review to come soon
445	stalebi	1	Review to come soon
446	zhossainzadeh	1	Wow review to follow soon
446	stalebi	1	Wow review to follow soon
447	stalebi	1	review to come
447	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
448	zhossainzadeh	1	review to come
448	stalebi	1	review to come
449	stalebi	1	review to follow soon
449	zhossainzadeh	1	review to follow soon
450	stalebi	1	This book was just one giant sucker punch in the feels. I loved every minute of it. Full review later.
450	zhossainzadeh	1	This book was just one giant sucker punch in the feels. I loved every minute of it. Full review later.
451	stalebi	1	This is happening!
451	zhossainzadeh	1	This is happening!
452	stalebi	1	"3.5 stars. This is definitely one of those books with a mass amount of issues that for some reason just didn't bother me. Kind of like a movie you see in theatre that you leave thinking ""wow, that was so much fun"", but when someone later asks how the actual movie was, you realize it was nothing special. BUT IT WAS SO MUCH FUN! Off the read the next one!"
452	zhossainzadeh	1	"3.5 stars. This is definitely one of those books with a mass amount of issues that for some reason just didn't bother me. Kind of like a movie you see in theatre that you leave thinking ""wow, that was so much fun"", but when someone later asks how the actual movie was, you realize it was nothing special. BUT IT WAS SO MUCH FUN! Off the read the next one!"
453	zhossainzadeh	1	Complete fluff of a novella, ridiculously implausible, but also insanely adorable. The perfect way to spend an hour and a half.
453	stalebi	1	Complete fluff of a novella, ridiculously implausible, but also insanely adorable. The perfect way to spend an hour and a half.
454	zhossainzadeh	1	"All could think when I closed this book was ""What an odd book."""
454	stalebi	1	"All could think when I closed this book was ""What an odd book."""
455	stalebi	1	Five stars simply because of Sue the Tyrannosaurus's cameo.
455	zhossainzadeh	1	Five stars simply because of Sue the Tyrannosaurus's cameo.
456	zhossainzadeh	1	Meh. It's an interesting world, but the helplessness of the central female character grated.
456	stalebi	1	Meh. It's an interesting world, but the helplessness of the central female character grated.
457	stalebi	1	Meh. Didn't finish.
457	zhossainzadeh	1	Meh. Didn't finish.
458	stalebi	1	Stop rushing the ending. Slow down. Slow down! But otherwise, yay!
458	zhossainzadeh	1	Stop rushing the ending. Slow down. Slow down! But otherwise, yay!
459	stalebi	1	Ah, now there's a book that knows how to stick a landing. Classic McKillip, even though it makes a nod at a modern/realism setting.
459	zhossainzadeh	1	Ah, now there's a book that knows how to stick a landing. Classic McKillip, even though it makes a nod at a modern/realism setting.
460	zhossainzadeh	1	I read it online, at Subterranean Magazine, after I saw the Nebula nominees list had a link for it. Like most Ted Chiang stories, I need to think about it for a while to even know where to start pondering!
460	stalebi	1	I read it online, at Subterranean Magazine, after I saw the Nebula nominees list had a link for it. Like most Ted Chiang stories, I need to think about it for a while to even know where to start pondering!
461	zhossainzadeh	1	So apparently I am Team Zombie after all. I was not expecting that!
461	stalebi	1	So apparently I am Team Zombie after all. I was not expecting that!
462	zhossainzadeh	1	** spoiler alert ** EVEN THE GODDAMNED LIONESS HAD A GODDAMNED RAPE BACKSTORY. WHAT THE FUCK, COMICS INDUSTRY.
462	stalebi	1	** spoiler alert ** EVEN THE GODDAMNED LIONESS HAD A GODDAMNED RAPE BACKSTORY. WHAT THE FUCK, COMICS INDUSTRY.
463	stalebi	1	Re-read 8/2008
463	zhossainzadeh	1	Re-read 8/2008
464	stalebi	1	This book felt like it was trying very hard to scare me by holding a flashlight under its chin and making spooky ghost noises. I never finished it; perhaps someday I'll give it another chance.
464	zhossainzadeh	1	This book felt like it was trying very hard to scare me by holding a flashlight under its chin and making spooky ghost noises. I never finished it; perhaps someday I'll give it another chance.
465	zhossainzadeh	1	Huh. I could've sworn that this was already on my shelves and reviewed....
465	stalebi	1	Huh. I could've sworn that this was already on my shelves and reviewed....
466	stalebi	1	The art is utterly gorgeous. The story is not.
466	zhossainzadeh	1	The art is utterly gorgeous. The story is not.
467	stalebi	1	THE FEELS!!
467	zhossainzadeh	1	THE FEELS!!
468	stalebi	1	"How I LOVE a bad-shit crazy character! Gone girl deliveres that in lovely ""I will eat your soul"" plot! Love it!"
468	zhossainzadeh	1	"How I LOVE a bad-shit crazy character! Gone girl deliveres that in lovely ""I will eat your soul"" plot! Love it!"
469	zhossainzadeh	1	Flavia is my spirit animal!
469	stalebi	1	Flavia is my spirit animal!
470	stalebi	1	Sieh and Nahadoth are the loves of my life now, and not only because they are Gods
470	zhossainzadeh	1	Sieh and Nahadoth are the loves of my life now, and not only because they are Gods
471	zhossainzadeh	1	This book is so damn good!!
471	stalebi	1	This book is so damn good!!
472	zhossainzadeh	1	I need to re-read this! :) I read when I was quite young and despite I like it, I didn't really get it.
472	stalebi	1	I need to re-read this! :) I read when I was quite young and despite I like it, I didn't really get it.
473	zhossainzadeh	1	I srsly don't know how to rate this book. All my fellings for Peeta and OMG I want to kill Katniss. It is a intense read and I SRSLY WANT TO KILL HER
473	stalebi	1	I srsly don't know how to rate this book. All my fellings for Peeta and OMG I want to kill Katniss. It is a intense read and I SRSLY WANT TO KILL HER
474	stalebi	1	Well, shit. With friends like these . You'll just have to read it for yourself ;).
474	zhossainzadeh	1	Well, shit. With friends like these . You'll just have to read it for yourself ;).
475	stalebi	1	Funny, cute, and sexy.
475	zhossainzadeh	1	Funny, cute, and sexy.
476	stalebi	1	Available now!!
476	zhossainzadeh	1	Available now!!
477	zhossainzadeh	1	If we have to measure based on stars, five doesn't do this book justice. It is hands down, without a doubt, the best book I've read this year.
477	stalebi	1	If we have to measure based on stars, five doesn't do this book justice. It is hands down, without a doubt, the best book I've read this year.
478	stalebi	1	"""They rattled my cage to see if I'd bite. When they released me, they'd see that the answer was yes."" Boom, bitches! This book creeped me out in the best ways possible. Also- I'm obsessed with Noah Shaw."
478	zhossainzadeh	1	"""They rattled my cage to see if I'd bite. When they released me, they'd see that the answer was yes."" Boom, bitches! This book creeped me out in the best ways possible. Also- I'm obsessed with Noah Shaw."
479	zhossainzadeh	1	"""People can come into your life---be a part of your life--yet never know the real you; have no fucking clue who you really are."" Get ready. Blaire is coming!"
479	stalebi	1	"""People can come into your life---be a part of your life--yet never know the real you; have no fucking clue who you really are."" Get ready. Blaire is coming!"
480	stalebi	1	January 22nd.... 17 more days!
480	zhossainzadeh	1	January 22nd.... 17 more days!
481	zhossainzadeh	1	I love how this woman writes! If you're looking for mafia with a hint (much, much more than a hint, really) of erotica... this is perfect. LOVE Antonio.
481	stalebi	1	I love how this woman writes! If you're looking for mafia with a hint (much, much more than a hint, really) of erotica... this is perfect. LOVE Antonio.
482	stalebi	1	Perfect. This series is perfect.
482	zhossainzadeh	1	Perfect. This series is perfect.
483	zhossainzadeh	1	I am in love with this story and these characters.
483	stalebi	1	I am in love with this story and these characters.
484	zhossainzadeh	1	I had to come back and change my rating because I think about this book so often.
484	stalebi	1	I had to come back and change my rating because I think about this book so often.
485	zhossainzadeh	1	This was very much up my alley. I really enjoyed it :)
485	stalebi	1	This was very much up my alley. I really enjoyed it :)
486	stalebi	1	I lost my review for this one, but I will say that I felt everything.
486	zhossainzadeh	1	I lost my review for this one, but I will say that I felt everything.
487	zhossainzadeh	1	Incredible!
487	stalebi	1	Incredible!
488	zhossainzadeh	1	This book should come with a warning label. Twisted good.
488	stalebi	1	This book should come with a warning label. Twisted good.
489	zhossainzadeh	1	Unputdownable. Wow.
489	stalebi	1	Unputdownable. Wow.
490	stalebi	1	Look, I didn't care to read about Butch and his human-ness (cuz it's a disease, you know? LOL). Anyhow, I am SO glad I didn't skip it because I ended up loving his story as much as the rest of them. Clearly, I am J.R. 's bitch.
490	zhossainzadeh	1	Look, I didn't care to read about Butch and his human-ness (cuz it's a disease, you know? LOL). Anyhow, I am SO glad I didn't skip it because I ended up loving his story as much as the rest of them. Clearly, I am J.R. 's bitch.
491	zhossainzadeh	1	I LOOOVEDDDDDD this one.
491	stalebi	1	I LOOOVEDDDDDD this one.
492	zhossainzadeh	1	Ah....smutty vamps...I LOVED this. I hadn't read fantasy in a long time, and I'm glad I decided to read this. I'm hooked. Moving on to book 2!
492	stalebi	1	Ah....smutty vamps...I LOVED this. I hadn't read fantasy in a long time, and I'm glad I decided to read this. I'm hooked. Moving on to book 2!
493	zhossainzadeh	1	I'll come back to say something about it.
493	stalebi	1	I'll come back to say something about it.
494	zhossainzadeh	1	HOT.ness. That's all.
494	stalebi	1	HOT.ness. That's all.
495	zhossainzadeh	1	Braden Carmichael...that's all you need to know. Pick up this book, like yesterday! Very hot, but I have a thing for Scottish boys :).
495	stalebi	1	Braden Carmichael...that's all you need to know. Pick up this book, like yesterday! Very hot, but I have a thing for Scottish boys :).
496	zhossainzadeh	1	You must be ready to start book 2 as soon as you finish this one. The ending kills you.
496	stalebi	1	You must be ready to start book 2 as soon as you finish this one. The ending kills you.
497	zhossainzadeh	1	I found this quite a hard read. It's enjoyable, racing along with the usual flair of a Moist von Lipwig book. I'll come back with more of a review later. The Shepherd's Crown beckons.
497	stalebi	1	I found this quite a hard read. It's enjoyable, racing along with the usual flair of a Moist von Lipwig book. I'll come back with more of a review later. The Shepherd's Crown beckons.
498	stalebi	1	I'm not sure this has withstood the test of time particularly well, but when it came out it was a great tale in the quest tradition. The whole Belgariad set a standard for the fantasy genre.
498	zhossainzadeh	1	I'm not sure this has withstood the test of time particularly well, but when it came out it was a great tale in the quest tradition. The whole Belgariad set a standard for the fantasy genre.
499	zhossainzadeh	1	Enjoyed this, the culture is best enjoyed in its dealings with other societies. Certainly the books tend to be far more fun.
499	stalebi	1	Enjoyed this, the culture is best enjoyed in its dealings with other societies. Certainly the books tend to be far more fun.
500	zhossainzadeh	1	A really great ending to a gruesome, tense, romantic, and exciting trilogy.
500	stalebi	1	A really great ending to a gruesome, tense, romantic, and exciting trilogy.
501	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 stars, 8th&up Enjoyable series, & I'm hooked enough to be in it at least until this sibling nonsense is resolved. Please tell me it's nonsense, otherwise...(shudder)
501	stalebi	1	3.5 stars, 8th&up Enjoyable series, & I'm hooked enough to be in it at least until this sibling nonsense is resolved. Please tell me it's nonsense, otherwise...(shudder)
502	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 stars, 5th&up Although not as action packed and tightly plotted as the first two books, the third entry in the Magisterium series was still absorbing and ended with a shock that makes me yearn for the next book. How long do I have to wait??
502	stalebi	1	3.5 stars, 5th&up Although not as action packed and tightly plotted as the first two books, the third entry in the Magisterium series was still absorbing and ended with a shock that makes me yearn for the next book. How long do I have to wait??
503	stalebi	1	3.5 stars Despite a little bit of a let-down, this was still a good ending to a series that I really enjoyed.
503	zhossainzadeh	1	3.5 stars Despite a little bit of a let-down, this was still a good ending to a series that I really enjoyed.
