body
So explain your last statement.
The catch is that Ethiopia was providing troops to the AU forces. This war will destabilize the entire region with ripple effects.
Calling Johnson and Johnson’s results “abysmal” is factually incorrect.
"I honestly don’t know. It’s not something I ever thought to look into. Just hoping “luck of the draw” jury duty I don’t have to find out how those trials go down.

I had a fender bender civil case the one time I had jury duty. I’d like to keep my court involvement at that level."
"Yeah they deem it ""cosmetic"" and not necessary. But given that we all probably pay less than $10/paycheck for dental, it is what it is."
They will shoot their own. Does the name Chris Dorner ring any bells?
"Nah, she's about the double standard.  It's okay for her to walk in an open door, even if someone else smashed it open, but she'll shoot anyone just walking in her house without first getting her permission."
"i would assume it doesn't look good for him if we are to believe the reports that he was pleased as he watched the capitol being broke into.   
and if we're to believe the it was mike pence that eventually called the national guard instead of trump, then that's pretty damning too."
That's nice of you give out tents. It really is. But it's quite different from giving away a $2000 a month property for free.

"This is actually the literal definition of hive/sheep mind. It's tragic because the people in it can't seem to see outside of it.

First things first, Google and every thing you search for already have been ""filtered"". Maybe the top couple thousand results you see are what you should be seeing most of the time and this ""censorship"" is all around us every day. 

Second, I'm not saying that China is good or bad, but the fact that we are ***all*** living in type of propaganda. Every big nation is different. 

Take 9/11 (Twin towers incident) for example, what did you see for around 2 years straight on the media? Terrorist attacks, bombings, Muslims being extremists and yelling things to the camera, etc. right? That was what was portrayed. *What was actually happening in their countries?* Daily regular citizen activity. Countless Arabic people I knew in my city (Montreal, QC) has families back there and tell me their lives were nothing like what was portrayed on TV and were living regular peaceful lives. Only a small small small percentage are erratic and willing to do unnecessary things to the US. But what was on TV? Muslims = bad. Why? Because the US had their ""motives"" (Oil, politics, etc.)

Right now, China is destroying and has been destroying US's economy for years. So do we need to state the ""motive"" here?

And now, this Chinese Tennis player, was she found? Yes. Is he alive? Yes.

But what did the media want this narration to be? Oh she got kidnapped, assassinated, terrible things have happened to her.

All I'm saying is to use your critical mind and analyze things yourself and stop believing every news article on the internet (reddit, yahoo, ABC, CNN, etc.)"

Not in Arkansas but 100% burnt out.  Left the bedside when the 2nd spike started.  Just couldn't deal with it again.
Premise: something assumed or taken for granted.  Is it fun to try to act so smug all the time?
"&gt; We also need to understand the vectors that may or may not cause it.

[Expert explains how Covid vaccines can cause blood clots](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IYT4evpx_Eo&amp;t=236s)"
As a parent who worries about ticks this made me laugh
Sure but she can’t outwardly denounce her sister/ Republican Party without ruffling a few feathers. Best to keep her mouth shut until Dick passes away and she gets her good girl nut. Then she can blast away.
"Which was perfectly predicted in the movie the 1976 movie ""Network"". The premise seemed highly unlikely back then, but the writer knew it was coming because he worked at ABC when Disney first approached ABC Network with interest to buy the network."
Unfortunately this is the fucking logic of car insurance companies. 😒
And the judiciary has failed before. See Korematsu v. US and Dred Scott v. Sandford
Nothing short of a live interview outside of China will even come close to what's necessary.
"Pretty sure it's against set rules, the armorers lawyer is saying it was sabotage."
"And this is why I never argue about politics or religion with people I know. That argument can ruin relationships and, in extreme cases like this, end lives."
"I love my mask, it hides my double chin from all the delivery and take out I’ve been eating"
"&gt; it sadly was just an attempt to portray WW2 in space rather then adapt the book.

Worse than that, the director (Veerhoeven) decided that Heinlein's ideas were ""fascist"", and intentionally framed them in this way to make them seem like a joke.  I don't think he even read the book it was actually based on.  And that's a shame, because citizenship through service (which Heinlein makes clear involves MANY other duties beyond military) legitimately seems like a much better idea than Jus Soli and Jus Sanguinis."
40% is a lot of educated health care workers to not trust a vaccine. I was on the fence. Definitely not getting the COVID vaccine now..
9 pairs of turtles making turtles!
"Peak Freedom©

I like it."
Mitch McConnell’s sex tape
So the devil got his hooks on you? BURN THE WITCH!!!!1! /s
"*At that moment*. If you run away, your self defense right is restored. Because people don't have a right to chase you down to retaliate after the provocation has ended."
Only fox watchers say “the mee-dee-uh”. So ironic.
